I that my theory is always,
it's probably not scientifically based whatsoever,
but my theory has always been that the things that are really hard to catch,
those are the ones that ever be like better for you and tastier,
tastier,
better for you.
You know?
It's like fish.
Fish are fucking really hard to catch.
Really good for you.
You know dear,
really hard to catch.
Really good for you.
Big Fat like those Japanese fucking,
what are those?
What do they call those?
Coby beef cows.
Those fucking cows.
They're not running from anybody.
You know what I'm saying?
That's why it's terrible for you.
Terrible.
We're such assholes.
We've tricked animals to get like so obese that they're like on the verge of
death because they're just packing fat everywhere in all their muscle tissue.
What about
fuck was
done,
dude,
June.
That's so stupid.
Birds or constellation gentlemen,
100% of all birds that have ever lived are cunts.
They don't give a fuck about,
you know,
birds care about you.
They don't even care about,
they don't care about shit.
They look cute when they have little babies and they're swimming together.
But the reality is you're going to eat them anyway.
Why is it okay to eat them?
It's not okay to overfeed them.
It's a really quick process.
I've watched them do it.
It literally only takes a couple seconds.
Yeah.
With the tube.
They take the goose,
they put the tube into its mouth,
they hold it there,
and then they pour the grain down its stomach.
It's not in pain.
It only takes a couple seconds.
And then after that's over,
the things just running around.
I mean it's like how is that bad?
But the way they farm pigs.
That's okay.
Yeah.
You know why though?
It's a gamble.
It's a winnable.
It's a winnable,
a topic for animal people because the people that are like,
because of what grime is like a kind of,
it's a,
it's a delicacy.
So it's,
uh,
it's not considered something that,
it's not like they're like,
we're going to try to take stakes out of the market.
It's something that is,
it's for it.
See if it's an elitist choice.
Most people don't need any,
I mean the great majority of people don't even know what Fulbright is.
So they go out and go,
this is totally inhumane way to make this,
they put it on a ballot and they get enough momentum behind it where they can
win it.
Yeah.
I've,
I've seen the argument and uh,
you know,
I'm certainly not one for animal cruelty,
but it's not,
you know,
it might be bad if it was a person that you were doing that too.
Yeah,
absolutely.
But you would never allow any of this shit they do to chickens for a human
[inaudible] know humans are a level live like that stacked on top of each other
and their own shit.
And I mean the way they're doing chickens and pigs with these fucking cages
where they can't even move and veal.
Well that's all.
Okay.
That's all.
But that's not where this country duck
duck stuff,
that fucking grain right down.
It's stupid mouth.
I'm getting the giving of your delicious liver.
I'm getting a gun just to shoot these birds outside of
beautiful birds at that.
They're building a nest on our house.
And
they churn every morning and I wake up to this wonderful bird song and it
enrages my husband and I was like,
let's get the gone.
I think it's beautiful.
I love I,
but I have crows and those,
those are concerns.
I don't,
I don't hate bird chirping.
I don't like it.
At the hour,
one time I left a steak,
I had a steak and I forgot to defrost it and I figured,
well,
the probably the best way to defrost it,
sit it outside in the sun,
right on my cattle.
That's a good idea.
So
with the wrapping on,
his fucking Kentucky Crow was coming down there and pecking at my steak.
No Shit.
Yeah,
he ate like a little chunk of it before I figured out what he was doing for a
song.
I mean,
I only turned my back for like a minute.
That assholes watching.
They watch what you're doing,
did look to see if there's anything that you're doing that that could benefit
them.
The birds don't really like you,
man.
The hunts.
You've had a pet bird.
It's a one way relationship.
It's moody.
It's in a mood to fucking shit on you.
You let them on your shoulder,
they take a shit on.
You
fucked up the dinosaurs.
They really are the last of the dinosaurs.
Bunnies are bad pets too.
I always thought because they just shit all the time.
But then lately,
yeah,
with Eddie and a couple of the people,
I'm like,
wow,
these seem like rabbits.
They're really affectionate.
They just want to cuddle with you and your pet them and they just snuggle up
with you.
That's cool.
Yeah,
it's cool.
They're sweet.
They're sweet little up,
but they're also delicious and when push comes to shove,
the apocalypse is coming.
They got to go.
I've had rhabdo or I like that too.
I like rabbit.
Yeah.
I had an a Moroccan restaurant in the valley once
where we had in our old,
pretty delicious when we lived in the Rampart division.
What do the neighbors had?
A rooster
she called animal protection.
Every single fuck would allow you to have a rooster that's an asshole.
Pat To him on a chain.
It was on a chain running through the streets and fucking [inaudible].
This was an El Salvadorian neighborhood.
Family could see it off our balcony.
Is it an apartment building or a house?
It's an apartment apartment,
so they thought they could have a god damn rooster and an apartment.
There was a lot of neighbors who had to be losing their fucking minds like,
oh my God,
we were the ones that like call somebody for this shit is crazy.
Bitch thinks she's going to get away with having a rooster in her backyard and
the neighborhood is 100% El Salvador and they're just cool with that.
I think so this is just like the village back home,
like it's no different snitching,
you know?
You're not supposed
to snitch on your neighbors,
you know what I mean?
Wow.
Yeah.
Well,
so they just want,
they want to,
they want to get out of El Salvador,
but they want to be like Elsa for sure.
The whole neighborhood is completely like,
what is it?
Yeah,
I guess it's just,
yeah,
they had a lot of gunshots.
He used to hear gunshots nightly,
daily.
Sometimes
I was jerking off in the living room one time.
Her bullet came through the window?
No,
but it was like two in the afternoon and I'm like just sitting on the couch,
Dick and my laptop open and I hear a fucking gunshot.
But it sounds like somebody on the balcony,
you know when it's not like a distant,
it's two in the afternoon,
like signs out New Year,
you know?
And you're like,
whoa,
like jump through the laptop and jump on the floor.
Oh Geez.
Like just dig out.
And I called Jose,
the guy that building manager and I go,
dude,
did you hear that?
And I,
he goes,
and I'm like,
the gunshot.
Did you hear that?
He goes,
no,
I'm in the garage.
And I go,
all right man.
I thought I heard a gunshot really loudly.
And he was like,
I didn't hear anything.
I hang up the phone.
And like two minutes later the phone when he was like,
Hey Tom,
it's Jose.
Yeah,
some guy just got killed out on sixth street.
And I'm like,
oh.
So that's what that was.
It was all blocked off.
Some guy had gone up to a guy on sixth street,
like two in the afternoon,
shot him with a three 57 right in the chest,
one shot and then like put his hands up.
He got arrested.
Whoa.
Yeah.
And that was middle of the day.
Some people don't like each other.
You know,
people who don't get along.
It's a hateful,
what a terrible way to be able to end it too.
You can't just get away from that person.
They put holes in them and to die on shitty sixth street in the Shipper Hood
neighborhood is that we had the ice cream truck in front of the house and then
in the same loop.
Yeah.
But it wasn't even,
but it wasn't even the traditional who had like a little El Salvadorian flavor.
Yeah.
Some extra horns and whistles in it.
It was fun.
It was,
it was not a fun Alverado did you guys feel really uncomfortable decision?
It was my fault cause I was living in silver lake and I went on vacation.
I came back and my house had been infested with rats.
Whoa.
There's rat shit everywhere.
I had a grapefruit,
I left out,
it was half eaten.
Whoa.
I was like,
I gotta get the fuck Outta here,
man.
So this is the first place I could find like the quickest place I could find.
And it was relatively safe,
but it was,
it was a two year disaster.
Why too lazy broke.
Sometimes it's cheap.
I don't know.
I got used to it and then we were like,
we gotta get the Fuck Outta here.
Like wow.
And the other thing was every night we also,
we're a block,
I don't know if you remember at this point,
it would be almost two years ago on sixth street.
Just a couple blocks from,
we were as where this El Salvadorian
guy was crossing the street drunk and he pulled out a knife and he was wheeling
around and the cops shot him 13 or 14 times.
Right?
Whoa.
So they killed him and then the whole neighborhood rioted and they walked up to
the Rampart Division police station.
There was riots on the streets.
We got on the roof of our building and there was like there was,
because it was nightly that we would see helicopters,
we would get the line,
the light shot show,
which shine through our window like every night.
But this night there was,
we counted like 11 and they were just in a swarm above us,
like a swarm of bees just during the riot thing and that's what that was like a
couple of weeks.
We were like,
all right,
we're definitely going with this shit man.
Wow.
Yeah.
This is too crazy.
So we left that neighborhood.
She's there was a lot of gang fights.
18th street gang.
Ms 13 yeah.
Tag on our wall.
Like our building.
Everybody lives in venison on the corner,
whereas daughter plays in the little playground area.
Three kids got shot.
Yeah.
You know,
one day you're there and someone pulls out a gun.
You know that I can happen.
People die in a cross fire.
Shit happens.
What a crazy ass neighborhood to live in.
Dude.
Venice apparently has a lot of that.
Huh?
Fucking Burbank.
I buy wizard.
You don't happen.
When I lived in the valley one time my neighbor got murdered
and he got rid of the front yard at night.
Shotgun shot seven times.
Oh my God.
Which means they like reload it and said,
oh my God.
And uh,
I was the only one that didn't hear it like everybody.
Nor do I know dude.
I,
cause I was,
and I remember my buddy truck came over me and he puts his hand on my chest.
He's like,
Tommy.
And I was like,
Holy Shit Man.
You hear that shit?
And I'm like,
clearly not no fucking asleep when you yelled at me.
He was like,
there was a lot of shots right there.
And this wasn't a bad neighborhood,
real loud.
Sozo,
just someone really hated someone.
Well,
it turns out kind of a kind of,
when it came out that he was,
he was dealing like,
I guess who's dealing with some pretty major weight.
So this was like a retaliation.
It was something so drug related,
but they never got the guys that got them.
Wow.
They blast him on his front fucking yard and they never got the guys that got
him.
Holy Shit.
I wonder how much they actually catch as far as murders go.
How will you know what I think about it a lot when you walk around,
when you,
when you hear the percentage of unsolved homicides,
how many times a day you cross paths with like a a murderer.
It has to happen.
I don't trust them.
They say that the one way that's like the most difficult to catch someone as if
they just crew it.
Just do something random like walking somewhere,
shoot someone and kill them and then leave.
Like those are really,
I mean that's why everyone's pushing for surveillance and surveillance.
That's the best way to catch people.
The biggest,
best way to get away with it.
I'll get a random killing killings.
Not like someone who you obviously have already been pissed off at.
They see when the random ones happen.
It's not much they can do.
There's still a high percent.
I think there's a high percentage of unsolved murders,
man.
I know the cases where there's like,
yeah,
we just didn't get it.
That guy got away with it.
Yeah.
You don't have the evidence or sometimes,
a lot of times now it's these understaffed,
you know,
at least in the u s understaffed.
Uh,
please,
state departments don't have the,
they have too many murders for how much,
how many cops they can put down to solve crimes,
you know?
Right.
You have your murder rate keeps going up.
You go to like,
uh,
you've seen the murder rate in like Venezuela?
No,
no,
no shit dude.
Like a Caracas,
Venezuela has,
I think our,
our murder capitol always fluctuates between like Orleans,
Baltimore,
Detroit.
You know,
sometimes you used to be like La,
New York,
Miami gets in there,
you know these,
they end the,
you're talking about in the 200 to 400 kind of fluctuation of murders.
And you take a city like a Caracas.
Venezuela has a over a thousand.
Wow.
So you're talking about over four times the murders that happen in New Orleans.
And then you pick about how many,
like how many people you need a numbers game to solve though that many murder.
Like do you just show up and you're just like,
oh,
this is a man saying we had 27 on the other side of town.
I don't know if we're going to get to them.
I don't give a shit about you and Venezuela either.
There's a lot of Mexican cities have ridiculously high,
like Monterey has really high fucking murder rate.
Then unsolvable.
It's not solvable.
Why can't it just a part of life?
Murder is just a part of life.
You're not going to get to it.
All the other things.
That's crazy that that's going on in 2012 you know,
because we have this sort of distorted perception of safety.
Oh it's,
I don't trust when people are like,
like strangers.
Like this week I was in Cleveland and the manager of the club was like,
Oh,
me take you to the market in Cleveland.
I was like,
no,
I don't know man.
I don't know you.
Yeah.
It talks about like is this guy on the level?
Like,
I don't trust anybody.
You're right.
You're right to not.
Yeah,
but then you have never know.
You asked me like,
is he going to kill me?
Is you're going to come at me and I was like,
I don't think so.
Well,
I grew up in la,
man.
Yeah.
I'm street savvy.
I don't leave windows open at night.
Yeah.
She's real trust.
Anyway.
You should fear more.
Should be.
Yeah.
If you grow up in La,
yeah.
Tonight's the night.
You remember the name Richard Ramirez as a child,
you should,
he couldn't sleep with your window open because like I was going to come in and
steal you and like,
fuck that.
Oh,
my dad didn't give a fuck.
My Dad is Hungarian.
Like,
he's like,
I don't give a fuck.
Fuck Richard Ramirez.
I killed that cock soccer trophy.
All right,
man.
But he liked to listen to the police scanner to my dad
and like figure out what crime was going on.
That's hilarious.
Yeah.
Richard Ramirez was a scary guy.
You know a lot of women.
Mary that day or there.
Yeah,
he's married.
Yeah.
Good for him.
I hope that she works out.
Yeah.
That's a terrifying dude.
He did some horrible things to me.
He was caught.
He was caught by citizens.
That's crazy.
How did he catch him?
He was leaving the scene.
He had tried to murder somebody or he may be,
he did murder one of the people and he was I getting to his car and people
tackled him.
He was,
he was tackled by everyday people.
Whoa.
Because this picture was all over the news at that point.
Like this was like,
oh my God.
Imagine how horrifying that would feel to see that guy in your neighborhood
after his picture had been all over the news and the areas right there.
Yeah.
That,
that uh,
wow.
And held him down.
I didn't,
they beat him to death.
That's a good question.
Really good question.
I haven't read the story in a while,
but I'm pretty sure it would have beat him to death.
I don't even think I would have thought twice about it.
Probably.
I,
I would've got a gun in his hand too,
but I,
I would've beat that guy to death for sure.
I don't think you get in trouble for it.
Right.
I don't care.
It's a real piece of shit like that.
I would say I lost my mind.
I want a temporary and Santa Fe
and I would,
I would go temporary and saying,
could you imagine if maybe if perhaps he killed somebody,
you know,
or you were worried he was going to kill somebody.
You know,
like you were thinking about him killing your mom or something like that.
They'll have fucking crazy you can get.
Have you ever thought somebody was going to kill you at any point in your life?
No.
Yes.
There was a time when I was like a stupid teenager and I was high and I take it,
you know,
there's somebody that was driving me was on acid when I was like a teenager.
If you look at serial killers,
that's the creepiest thing ever.
The creepiest thing ever was people that just decide they get a kick out of
killing people,
so they'll look to try to find people to kill,
get a rush on.
It could just be in the wrong place at the wrong time and run into one of those
motherfuckers that's,
you know,
and,
and there's no,
you know,
there's no rationale to like why they want to kill certain people or just have a
thing for certain people didn't like brunettes.
Sapper net broke his heart.
So all the girls who got were Burnett.
You know,
I have met a lot of dudes that I don't think were serial killers,
but I think developed a hate for women,
like a real hate over years and years of rejection.
Egos can't handle it.
And they decide that there's something wrong with that person because there
you're constantly associating that person with negative feelings.
You know what I mean?
Like they always associate women with being rejected,
being humiliated.
It was being mocked and laughed at.
And it does.
So they associate them with pain and their meager brains just starting to able
to,
to realize that that's just a person.
That person doesn't owe you shit,
and you're really not that attractive and why we would,
why would she want to fuck you,
asshole.
You know,
just think about what you're offering her,
you know,
I don't know how you could fix that,
but that's what you need to concentrate on instead of concentrating on what
people like,
you know,
getting angry at people for not liking you.
And that gets to be a weird thing morphs into a bigger thing too.
Cause they had to just get to sit on it and think about it.
So it becomes like a bigger picture thing for them.
They're like all women.
I felt that before I've walked into like radio,
like radio stations
and the assumption is maybe they've seen photographs of me and they're like,
oh,
she's going to be a conti blonde.
And I also sometimes I sense it like the assumption is that I'll be a dick to
them.
And I'm like,
no way.
I'm not saying that I'm like the hottest,
but you know,
I think the assumption is if you're somewhat attractive girl,
you're going to be a douche bag.
I know Ra didn't really like girls
or I your fear,
he and I ended up podcast.
He came over and uh,
I just sensed the heat.
He has that thing with some girls or he thinks that like we hate him,
but yeah,
we hashed it out.
The handsome fella,
but he,
he gets really attractive girls,
comedian,
but
he's
going to have to deal with a certain amount of rejection.
Yeah.
But I mean he's cold.
What do you mean though that he does,
that's what it was.
That he doesn't like women.
Yeah.
I think that he did have some rejection.
Yes,
absolutely.
Cause he's had his heart smashed I think,
but he'd go looking broads and uh,
yeah.
I mean when he came over,
it's based on what,
how many women or you're interacting with and where are you at in your life
while you're interacting with them.
Sometimes the relationship means more than it should to you because you're,
you don't have a whole lot of shit going on outside of it.
You know what I mean?
Like my feelings on relationships are always,
if someone doesn't want to be with me anymore,
I don't want them to be with me.
Yeah.
And that's cool.
And the gang and you know,
good luck with whatever you're on too.
But what did,
what did I already say though?
Oh No,
cause I brought it up.
I was like,
I have this,
I feel this unspoken animosity that you have towards me,
like over the years.
Cause I had,
and I thought,
you know,
maybe I'm projecting,
maybe that's my bullshit that I'm projecting on him.
And a,
and I was like,
I just sense that you don't like girls,
like you hate women and that,
and he's like,
you know,
maybe a little bit your road,
cause I can't,
I came up with the comedy store and I was rolling with those boys.
I mean,
so I think he had a little bit of the comedy store like David.
None.
No on you not,
you know.
Yeah.
Like those boys,
they're kind of shitty.
And I think the assumption he had is that if you're a cute girl,
that you get ahead and comedy faster,
which I don't know if it's true,
maybe not.
You recognize it and you know what?
Real quality will always shine anyway.
It doesn't matter if someone's,
uh,
you know,
if someone's getting through just because they're cute,
there's their quality of their work is going to be exposed and you can't go
forever.
What's good is good.
And if someone gets a little advantage because they're hot,
good for them,
they get it.
They got a lucky break.
And since when is show business ameritocracy one fucking thing that's all hate
or bullshit.
That's all that is.
All that stuff is just hate or bullshit worrying about other people getting
ahead.
It's so dumb.
It's the dumbest stuff that,
that Comedians and entertainers and I'm sure folks in all sorts of walks life,
entertainment
themselves with.
They left their mind go into these unfixable little circles where you,
you know,
you look at someone else's success if somehow or another that's like bad for
you.
Yeah.
Like it hurt you,
you know,
you make,
you feel like inadequate or whatever.
You know,
you,
you should look at that,
whatever it is and use all that shit and be inspired.
That's what you should do it.
You should say this is even if someone you fucking hate is doing well,
he should say,
Whoa,
this makes me want to work hard.
This makes me want to push this.
It makes me want to get ahead,
use it,
use it as inspiration.
But don't ever let yourself get to that.
Who the fuck dude is fucking guys?
No,
you fucking socks would've,
oh me can't get to that state of mind cause that's a negative.
Just as a shit sloshy no progress.
Wishy washy state of mind.
It's a bitch.
It's a bitch state of mind.
You know,
and we've all done it.
I did it a bunch when I was,
when I first started out,
you know,
and we're doing what it was.
I was too competitive,
you know,
getting involved in like open mic nights.
Like everyone was like competitive about like who did well,
who did and it was just a part,
we didn't know what the fuck we're doing.
You know,
we're open miker it's,
we don't know what we're doing.
But I think there was,
there's a little something to,
you know,
to being competitive with like your peers.
But it should never be negative.
You got to keep it from being something where it's like a consuming thing where
it like gets you just you.
When I see people and I've,
I've seen it,
I've seen it firsthand like recently comics that we're talking about a comic
that was successful and they were talking shit about him and I,
and I was,
I was listening to them talking shit about them and I can see the,
it didn't matter what they were saying,
they were basically being,
you know,
it's that state that state,
that debt.
It doesn't matter what words are coming out.
That's a shitty state of mind.
You know,
you can't say,
if the guy's doing well,
that means someone's liking him.
All right.
And you might,
you know,
not like certain aspects of his work,
but it's,
it was a really bug you that much or is what's really bugging you.
The fact that this guy is doing something,
doing enough with your own.
Exactly.
That's usually what it is when you're like something's wrong with you man.
Yeah.
Judging them on
know.
I mean,
look,
there's going to be stuff you like and stuff you don't like.
There's always going to be that and it like,
I went to see that cabin in the woods.
Oh,
loved it.
I knew you would love it.
Stupid as fuck.
Ridiculous movie.
Had a great drop his movies.
He sits by me sometimes like I'm on board,
but most of the time I'm like really surprised your rotten tomatoes gave it a
91% okay.
91 yeah.
And Eddie's like towards fuck movie.
Oh my God.
I enjoyed the shit out of it and he describes it is like fucking porn coming out
of his mouth slowly.
They have Brian's like too.
This might be your favorite movie was even where Wilson,
I know people get jacked by where,
what is it?
That's why I left.
That's why I went to bathroom.
It's a crazy hybrid,
weird fucking movie.
It's kind of silly.
Like there's,
it's almost like,
yes,
yes.
But there's almost aspects of it where you could consider it a comedy.
Like I see what Eddie was saying.
It was totally over the top,
but really fucking fun.
Really Fun.
Stupid Ass fucking horror movie with a massive twist.
The twist I won't get into,
but uh,
I enjoyed the shit out of it.
I enjoyed the show about man.
Yeah.
Yeah man.
I'm not in the movies till to like have it mimic real life and have things be
completely random and unpredictable.
I guess what?
I have a real life.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm going to the movies.
I want to see monsters.
Okay.
I want to see explosions and aliens and Ufo shows are a fucking bummer.
Movies when you see the trailer,
when we were like,
no,
I don't want to see that silent movie.
Yeah.
Movie can suck.
It
know
I don't need any more art.
I don't know.
It was,
it
was like,
what is it?
Cancer.
And then I shot my son
is amazing and I'm like,
no,
it's not a,
it's not pressing bummed out.
I'm not anything getting bummed out.
This is supposed to be entertainment for me.
These motherfuckers take themselves so seriously and just cause you can depict
something depressing and it depresses me.
It doesn't mean it's good.
Yeah.
Okay.
And did,
you did a really good job of making something fucking depressing.
Yeah,
that's not good.
Could you do,
were like if comedy had so much leeway and we get depressing stand up,
I guess a lot of standup would be kind of depressing.
It would be the most depressing shit in the world of comics just were like,
I'm going to share it.
They told the truth like,
I'm going to share this file with no jokes.
Ready?
Yeah.
Ooh,
yeah.
Shit.
That negative,
that negative shit you're talking about where like comics going like fuck that.
You know where you see that a lot is when you do the road,
you run into other comics on the road who are,
and a lot of times they'll start with like,
I used to live in La and you're like,
oh yeah,
fuck that place man.
You're like,
yeah,
you're,
it goes right open up.
And then they do the whole like,
you know,
it's all bullshit.
And I just realized like it doesn't even matter if you're any good at it.
And I'm like,
no,
I think it does matter if you're good at it.
I think that helps a lot and they're,
you know,
they give you the whole speech or like it's all shit and that's why I left.
I used to do it,
but no,
I like it here in fucking podunk,
Iowa.
Yeah.
Good man.
I think you're here.
You're going to run shit in this town.
Have no time.
So just stay here.
The worse.
Then as the night goes on,
he starts drinking and gets even more bitter and towards the end the La guy
yells,
hey guys,
here,
we should let him talk.
He's yellow guy.
When I moved down here,
my uncle goes,
I used to live in La.
I hated,
and I was like,
oh.
And like so like when he said goodbye,
it was just like,
yeah,
by the way,
I used to live there.
It fucking sucks.
That was just for his good bye message.
Wow.
I love when people tell me
it's my favorite.
I'm like,
that's cool.
Then I love it.
They're like,
I enjoyed myself.
I've never even been here.
Always has a lot of bullshit,
but it's got a lot of great stuff.
I love my neighborhood.
There's a lot of great stuff and I learned about the comedy clubs.
I mean,
where is it that you have a city that has the Pasadena Ice House was only 20
minutes away.
Okay.
You got right there on Melrose,
you got the Improv,
one of the greatest clubs in the country get to laugh,
stop or the laugh factory rather.
And the comic store all in one.
You got her Mosa.
Yeah,
and you've got Hermosa beach comedy and Magic Club.
That's another
that way it's pretty fucked.
No La in general,
just,
you know,
it it besides the gangs and all that crap,
but just the fact that there's a lot of drugs out here,
there's a lot of fucking fast cars.
There's a lot of people making it.
Yeah.
The seasons out here,
it just seems like everything.
I see it all the time though.
Like I see like,
oh,
I'll be on sunset at three in the morning and suddenly like a Ferrari goes down
the street going like 200 and you're like,
really?
You just blew like,
like three red lights right there.
That's crazy.
This is for the shitty part of the city.
Oh,
these fast,
real problem with the city is Lamborghinis.
I'm just saying in general that there is a,
it's not like normal,
the people out here in the entertainment business,
they're in a certain kind of field of jobs,
different thinking than say a normal city where you have a little bit of
everything.
You know,
you have a little bit of people that are bankers,
farmers,
you know,
like it's,
it's definitely crazy.
I mean I see shit all the time.
Then I'm like,
if my mom saw that,
that would be crazy if my mom just saw that.
Yeah,
I agree with you.
And to a certain extent,
but it's also the circles you run in.
I mean you're,
you're running around and going to these crazy parties and hanging out with
these weird people like your UAB at a karaoke bar across the street from NBC
in Burbank and Burbank.
That's odd.
But that didn't happen though.
But you know,
whenever there's a bar it's the,
you run into the possibility that someone might try to rob people coming out of
the bar cause people were drunk and when drunk people come out of a bar and you
rob,
I'm like,
what the fuck are the cops going to do about that?
You know,
the cops are going to,
what is your perception going to be like,
what is the story going to be like?
Did you really remember what the guy looked like?
You know what I mean?
If you're hammered,
right?
The cops are talking to and you're like,
yeah,
I think the guy fucking pruning man,
where's my money man?
The cops gotta be like,
all right sir.
Um,
okay.
You say it was black.
Yeah.
Come on.
Good luck with that.
That's the perfect guy to rob.
So it might not have necessarily been that Burbank is dangerous.
It might have been so many targeted that bar people do shit.
You are right though that
like when you're on the road is bad.
So I should be like,
if you spend like four or five days,
you go out kind of more of the third and fourth day and you're like,
this is a different speed.
Like a smaller city,
you know?
This is way different.
Yeah.
Well when I lived in Colorado and then I came back to here,
I noticed a huge difference in the way people drive.
You know people drive 50% faster here.
Everywhere.
Yeah.
It was fast cars,
man.
Yeah.
Did they cut a lot of people off and they don't use blinkers as much and it's
like way less courteous I feel.
I still feel like a south Florida holds tha tha tha tha tha trophy on that one.
There's nothing like it as you go down 95 it just,
you hit a lot of debt and then once you get to like northern Dade county are
like,
Holy Shit Dude.
I did the Fort Lauderdale Improv this weekend.
What a fucking great club.
Yeah,
that's great.
Club.
What a fun time.
I guess I did it last night.
No night before last.
What's the night before?
I can't remember what day it is.
Fort Lauderdale was fucking amazing.
Yeah,
it was amazing.
Great crowds.
It's a good room that they're wild and crazy people.
Yeah,
they're crazy people.
I feel like you have to turn it up.
That's how tired I am.
I forgot about yesterday for a half a second.
I know.
It's ridiculous.
One Lauderdale's nuts,
man.
It's a wild place,
They fucking party hard down there.
Fort Lauderdale I think.
I think all of that,
Florida is all about,
you know,
you go down there and you realize that if you go actually into Miami that you
can,
you can go to places that close at five and that open at 5:30 AM for the after
party and it's not that right.
So they clean up for half hour and then they just go to another place.
By the time you get there,
that shit to open and that's,
you know,
you can go,
you can party until noon.
Cheese,
break it down.
There's no other like what to go on and on.
Yeah.
You can fucking all kinds of crayons there in Miami.
Oh,
well when I was in Fort Lauderdale I,
I asked him what time is the last call and they said,
it's 5:00 AM 5:00 AM 5:00 AM and I'm like,
that's because of cocaine,
cocaine.
I changed that law and Shit.
Does it make sense?
Everywhere else is like to New York it's like four and they're like,
no,
five five.
How about an extra hour to move product
cocaine belt?
Well you got to think people are buying coke.
That's the hours they're going to be buying coke.
There's two to five hours.
Exactly.
Let's keep the,
let's keep the party girl.
It's not a 3:00 PM purchase when you
get back to the gym that I should get them to a bump
and that you think about it or actually I should do it.
We should do some coke right now.
God,
so many people that did a lot of coke early on in their life,
they have big problems when they get older,
their,
their neurological system.
Like Richard Pryor had a big problem and Mitzi shore,
I dunno if she really did a lot of,
I should probably not say,
I don't know.
That's rumor.
I know a bunch of different people besides that that have had like,
like real serious issues with their body.
I always had a bit worry about because I just had a fear of that.
You know,
sometimes the scare tactic works.
Like when I saw the,
like there'd be like,
you know,
you can do it,
do cocaine.
One time we get a heart attack and somehow it got into my brain when I was young
enough where I was totally scared to try it.
It's just too expensive,
man.
I like every time I did it,
I used,
I used to be like,
fuck,
that was like an intender game,
you know?
Like that,
that's,
that was a lot of money.
That was half my paycheck.
Is it that you do it?
Never done that now I'm scared of it.
Scared.
Yeah.
You know,
I grew up in a lot of kids did crystal,
that was like the crystal math.
Oh yeah,
we talked about this.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's so groaty but you know,
you can always tell when someone was a tweaker.
Like I've had some ex tweaker bosses who like they can't handle more than one
thing at a time.
Like is they get out of it?
Nothing.
I'm,
I'm fascinated by the insight,
the mind really fast.
So what he's saying this,
I'm really getting excited.
Okay.
I used to work retail like on Melrose at some shitty clothing store.
It was called no problem.
That's when you're sweeping up Puerto Rican,
Puerto Rican guy.
And I remember how this boss who like if somebody came in the door and she had
to ring somebody up at the register at the same time,
it was like a total meltdown.
Like her brain couldn't process two things at once.
And I know she was a tweaker and the past and you can just see them,
like my step sisters kind of like that too.
She used to do math,
so she's all like,
Ooh.
Like they just tell by the face that gaunt,
they always have the like,
like there's like the,
yeah,
some of the teeth have offset,
you know,
like that some of them replaced and it's like a look,
they're twitchy.
They picked it too many times.
Just to get the scabs,
you know,
like they used to be this tweaker that used to hang around the pool hall that I
used to go to and uh,
I don't want to say her name because she might still be alive and if she's still
alive,
she probably listens to this podcast.
So let's just call her ex.
Okay.
That's her name.
And she was a,
no,
call it x.
So it wasn't anybody's ex,
she was every,
I mean I never saw a single guide that was,
I mean she wasn't particularly ugly,
but she was so cracked out all the time that it was just really odd to be around
her.
It's like you were around someone who was going through a dream and she would
like play pool by herself,
like stair guys,
the eyes.
And she was crazy and we all like,
she became like almost sort of family there.
She was there so often that,
you know,
she would like Sorta Kinda hit on guys.
But she was so crazy.
Like nobody wanted to have anything to do with her.
I mean she was completely insane,
but she became like almost like RL crackhead mascot
all the time.
It should come in.
Yeah,
she would come in and play pool and I even think she got a job cleaning up at
one point in time.
They gave her like some hours.
You guys used to take turns on her like when you got really drunk in the alley.
It's crazy.
As pool hall,
people are desperate,
especially 24 hour gambling pool hall places,
which is this place was,
nobody fucked her.
Nobody Dude,
pretty bad.
It was bad.
But she was a,
she was a sweetheart of a person.
I didn't ever communicate with her enough to go,
hey,
like what are you doing?
Like what?
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Crank,
you know,
you're doing,
what is it?
You know,
I didn't,
I never got to that conversation,
but man,
she was,
she would have these weird moments where she would like,
you think maybe you're not go to dinner,
don't start dinner and just talk on,
I can't,
I can't go to dinner.
I have a girlfriend.
I can't go to dinner with anybody else but her,
well,
okay,
should we go over it like play pool and like stare at you?
She was really like a character in a movie.
I remember me and my friend,
me and my friend Johnny B,
we're sitting there,
we're watching her once and she was giving us like crazy googly eyes while she
was knocking balls around the table.
She would play pool for like 20 minutes at a time and then like bring the balls
back.
So while she's doing this,
she's playing,
doing googly eyes and Johnny looks at me and my friend Johnny was like,
this is really streetwise kid.
He goes,
Yo dog.
you put her in a movie and people would say it's too over the top.
They go,
you gotta cut that CAC to back.
Nobody's going to believe this character.
Some fucking crazy bitch comes in all meth out and starts shooting balls around
giving people googly eyes and she would put like a leg up in the air,
what?
She would make a shot and try and be like a ballerina or something.
She was completely cranked out.
It was really fascinating because she wasn't,
she wasn't that old,
you know?
She was like,
I believe she was probably 30 ish,
somewhere in our thirties just
drugs though.
Yeah.
It seemed like there might've been some crazy mixed in with the drugs too,
but it seems like there was a little bit of self medicate or going on.
I liked it.
There's always with,
with that type of person with a crazy and or drug person,
there's,
there's a,
a real line between like you being around them and being amused and then backing
off because you're kind of scared of them,
you know?
Even if they're not scary and not like physically imposing,
right?
Like it's,
it's,
it's so big and so crazy what they do that you have fear on some level of like
how weird and crazy they get.
Right,
right.
Like if it's a little bit less,
you're like,
oh,
this is funny.
Like he's just kind of fucked up right now.
But then it goes over that line and you're like,
this is terrifying.
You know,
when they're there kind of,
this is too much.
Yeah.
Well,
you wonder what their perception of reality is.
Like.
Well,
they're not the good control themselves.
That's somebody that could randomly killed somebody usually,
you know,
if you oh yeah,
yeah.
If someone's fucking completely mapped out,
how much did they even know about what they're actually doing?
A lot of it,
like if you just watched cops,
he see that that episode all the time where they're like in la La
land,
they would believe and do anything.
They think Abraham Lincoln's chasing them,
you know,
it's uh,
it was a stay up for days.
Like you don't sleep on Matt and methods isn't a Methodist kind of like a speed,
right?
It's made of like battery acid and like sue deaf friend,
like we stopped selling.
It's pre-comm crayons,
rainbows,
speed effect.
But it doesn't give you a visual effect.
Right?
It gives you,
it totally impairs your judgment on top of like spiking you through the roof
like you have in your brain.
You know,
what stops you from doing certain things?
Your,
your ability to make a judgment on like,
I shouldn't drive 150 down this road,
you know,
because of the dangers that apply.
All that goes out.
That's why they,
they,
you know,
if you seen like I survived,
the woman was like kidnapped and these people that were messed out just stabbing
her and cutting or slicing and they came back and they hit her with a call and
set her on fire.
Oh my God.
And when they,
when they arrested them,
you know,
they were all tweaked out and later on they were all like,
I didn't know that we did all that shit.
She's crazy.
That's why you should do cocaine and
the drug.
It's a grownup drug if you can afford.
It
seems like some people just want to escape reality.
I mean you to beat a person in this day and age,
it's still wants to try math for the first time.
You must fucking hate your reality.
Your reality must suck so bad at the idea of being horribly addicted to one of
the worst drugs ever created.
It doesn't even faze you.
Yeah.
You're like,
I'm going to try it.
But at least heroines came up with some,
I mean it had been connected by,
there's some great musicians,
you know,
I mean Kurt Cobain,
I ended a discussion with some friends about a Hendrick's cause I always say
that Hendricks did heroin and they were always known as acid,
but it turns out he actually got arrested for heroin.
You got arrested in Toronto for heroin.
So he definitely had some use of heroin is definitely a correlation between
heroin and good music.
Yeah,
I mean I don't,
I don't want to say that that was his number one thing,
but I mean the Hendricks obviously was really an asset as well and obviously a
fucking musical genius.
There was just some shit that some dude can tune into that,
you know,
the average person can't and he could just,
he could just nail it,
you know,
I don't think,
I think he would have been fucking amazing if he did nothing.
He just drank water and fucking grapefruits.
But heroin is a influence.
Many,
many of them and musician underground,
Lou Reed,
right.
To had a song about heroin.
Right?
Hairy.
Scary to listen to though.
I think it was a big part of a lot of musicians experiences because it was,
it's such a sensual type of experience.
Like the idea behind it is that it's so,
it's so sensitive and raw.
The experience of this blissful energy that the,
the opiates provide that you know,
you,
that you can embrace like the pure sound of music and see it.
And I can see the appeal more of getting like the appeal
being that like it's this great,
you know,
it's a great painkiller.
It takes you to this la La land.
Like it's there,
you can romanticize that drug.
But like to start crystal magic measure like I want to eat rocks,
man,
I want to chew on.
That's Kinda like what you're saying you want to do.
You know
you have crazy energy but it's unfocused energy.
Cause I think with math,
like you,
I don't know,
can you do stuff?
People do stuff when the Nobel prize on Meth,
I think what he said about judgment,
I think your judgment is really involved in every single aspect of what you do.
And when you're doing a drug that fucks or judge what happened.
What'd he say?
No,
no,
I was just thinking like what?
I mean Hendricks could focus on heroin.
Well,
I don't think it was,
I don't think it was using heroin that much.
Like why it was just more acid.
Well,
they said that one of the things you just do is put acid in his headband.
Pores open up while I was on stage,
it would drip into his skin and yeah,
I don't know if that's urban limits can't function on.
So like someone,
something someone really annoying would tell you.
Yeah,
that's true because well,
someone threw a no hitter on acid.
That's right.
It was that,
forget
the partied all day.
And then my friend was like,
you got to play a gay man.
Uh,
Jealous Doc Ellis.
Yeah.
You threw a no hitter while on acid.
I at the comedy store,
that story,
they did a really good job of the animating that online.
They did a Dr. Ellis thing.
I saw that.
Yeah.
Was that for somebody?
I think somebody he told that story,
I forget.
I don't know who he told it to,
but the,
they did a,
you know,
an animation to the story.
That's awesome.
Really good.
I could see how it could go.
Right.
Well,
I've never done acid.
I should say that right off the bat.
I've only done the only psych of dogs I've ever done.
DMT,
mushrooms,
ecstasy,
which isn't really a saga dog.
Right.
I've done the Ama.
Nita was scary mushroom and the other kinds of Psilocybin,
but no,
uh,
no acid and no one I've ever trusted had it.
It's always been like someone,
you know,
if it came up,
it was someone who just had this weird glint in their eye and I was like,
no,
it's too complicated and it's too illegal.
It's really difficult to make.
So if you're making it like you're out there on the fringes,
son.
So people just got busted recently,
some school somewhere,
some kids were,
or a producing acid and they busted them.
I wouldn't do acid again.
I've done it probably over a hundred times,
a hundred times.
It's probably way over 127 it didn't know it.
It's something I don't want to do it like I can't believe I do mushrooms now,
but now I consider,
I'd never really considered mushrooms bad and,
but uh,
mushrooms teach me shit man.
Every time I've done mushrooms I just have a new revelation,
a new insight and things.
The problem with acid,
it's just,
it's too much of a commitment.
Like mushrooms,
you won't do another five hours.
What's that?
You won't do mushrooms anymore?
No,
I will.
I just,
lately I've just more scared of the mushrooms that have been going around.
I think that they're not the right kind of different kind.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Probably just scared of the mushrooms that are going around based on what it's,
it's just,
I don't trust,
I don't trust mushrooms as much as I trust.
Well,
it's kind of the same.
Along the same lines,
like where are you getting this from?
You guys from someone willing to stick their neck
gun,
sell something illegally.
Yeah.
Which is often case,
but apparently there's some sort of a loophole and truffles are not illegal.
Like you can get like silicide but truffles,
gold,
Google that Shit folks,
don't listen to me.
I don't want to be a purveyor of any,
I've never heard of truffle scheduled one scheduled one for his shit.
No,
no.
I think that that doc Ellis was taking other drugs in conjunction with,
uh,
cause I've taken a lot of acid and I don't know,
like I didn't even know where I was.
Like there are times you're like,
where am I in a convenience store?
Where am I?
And it can be,
people even know that people react differently on it.
Right.
And some people,
I was just like mushrooms for the most part.
It's either,
it could be all visuals or it could be speedy.
Sometimes you're just in for pool players.
The thing,
there's,
there's always been two things and fet amines and if you can handle
heroin and the guys who would do heroin have no nerves.
They had no nerves,
they wouldn't,
they wouldn't feel any nervousness.
So the gamble for like ridiculous amounts of money and just you never miss,
there was a dude,
his name was water dog,
that was his nickname or buffalo bill depending on who you at night.
And he would,
uh,
he would always come and they would make a day,
they would make a game,
they'd figure it out,
how much they're going to bet and it was always a lot of money cause he was like
a,
a top level local player.
And then he would go to the bathroom and he would shoot up and he would come
back and he would sit on a stool and he would sit on this bar stool like this,
just like this.
I mean I'm not bullshitting his hands like a t rex and just sit there for like a
half an hour.
Just,
just bull lasted on heroin.
And then he would get off and then he would screw is Q together and he wouldn't
miss a fucking ball.
He was a monster.
They played on this table.
There's a gambling table that they had and a regular pool tables pockets or five
inches.
They're like these big sloppy open pockets where you don't have to hit a ball
absolutely perfectly.
They had these under four inches.
There was under four,
it was like three and three quarter inches.
It was fucking ridiculous.
Like the ball barely fit through the hole and this mother fucker was just firing
things in.
He wouldn't miss.
He couldn't miss.
It was incredible.
He did it wasn't nervous about,
they were betting it.
There were many thousands of dollars.
It was like maybe $10,000,
$10,000 each.
It was,
it was at a very high bet cause the guy who is doing it with was a race car or
as a um,
a horse jockey.
One of the,
like the,
they had a different kinds of like carts,
like horses would pull a carts with the fuck are those things?
Yeah.
W I don't know.
It's like a type of racing where like horses actually pulling like a cart
behind.
It's not just the horse running and the guy on top of it and he was just a crazy
gambler and he would,
he would play this fucking guy and he would get so bummed out because he knew he
couldn't,
the guy couldn't miss cause he's on heroin,
he's on the shit.
And so they said,
look,
I'm the mother Fucker,
you can't mess on the shit.
I would be complaining but he wouldn't even care that he was complaining.
So it was kind of slack,
jaw look and just the balls would just fire into the hole.
Would they get into the heroin because they knew it would help the nerves.
Like is that where they would even get into it?
They're degenerates,
you know,
who knows?
You know,
most of those guys,
they were looking to party at all times,
pool players.
There was some of the wildest human beings,
people that have actually made a commitment to trying to make their entire
living off of tricking people to gamble with them but don't play as good as
them.
And then,
and then betting all your money on that.
And like those people are nuts in poker there.
They're nuts.
There's a good percentage of them that are nuts.
I mean a lot of them aren't.
A lot of them are like really cool and smart people that are just in love with
pool and that's all they want to do.
The tournament guys,
you know the guys that travel from tournament to tournament,
you know even the best ones of them are the gamblers,
the best tournament guys.
The guys like this kid named Shane van Boning,
who's,
who's deaf and when he plays he shuts his hearing aid off
and he goes into his own little world and he doesn't give a fuck.
He doesn't hear Shit.
He just,
he just plays.
That's so cool.
Yeah,
it does everything on feel.
No hearing.
You know,
it's kind of fascinating to the point where people have actually accused him of
having an advantage and one guy was playing him,
this guy Earl Strickland actually stuffed his ears with cotton and then put big
like,
yeah,
aviator headsets on.
Like someone who would
work at the the fucking towers and flight guys.
That's what he would wear.
Yeah.
And he would play pool with that on it's hilarious fucking character.
I can't hear either.
Athol Skytap shoots headphones on,
man.
Ridiculous with stuffing in his ears.
He's crazy.
He's,
but he's brilliant,
brilliant and crazy at the same time.
These pool players,
it's a,
that's a nutty life.
So you know,
when you asked who,
what came first,
the heroin or the pool,
it was all together.
They're all hanging out at these 24 hour pool places.
They were the most fun I had ever had as a kid growing up.
What city was this in that you were in?
White Plains,
New York executive billiards.
24 hours a day.
We have the keys.
My friend owned it.
My friend guy was the owner of the place,
so we were always there.
So guy would like keep it open and we would,
you know,
we would lock the door and we would all play by ourselves.
We had people in their gambling and playing by themselves late at night.
It was just such a clubhouse.
And I had,
I don't want to say [inaudible] girlfriend,
but she was,
she was a little on the negative side and we,
we'd had problems because of that.
I just,
I,
you know,
and she didn't mean to be,
she's not a bad person at all.
It's just sort of the way she grew up,
you know,
she had a hard life and when we were,
uh,
interacting,
if,
if she would like bum me out or if like I just couldn't wait to get the fuck
away from her and get back to that pool hall.
Why new shit crazy shit was going on.
I knew there was two dudes who had their gambling on roaches,
see which Roche could get to the corner first,
you know,
and it was like yelling,
man,
Yo,
you can't coach the Roach Bro.
You can't coach.
It was like everything was,
it was,
everything was always fun.
It was a bunch of men and there was very little violence and all the years that
I was there I saw like a couple,
like little minor little altercations,
nothing serious at all,
but it was always fun.
It always go there and it was a bunch of men who really didn't want to grow up.
You know,
and my friend Max,
I believe who was a professional,
he said that there was at one point in time in this country,
there was a bachelor class of men that never wanted to get married.
They just didn't want to do it.
And a lot of those guys would go to pool halls.
And that's one of the reasons why pool halls got such a bad reputation is that
you know everybody else in his mind,
and you know,
Max is really nice guy.
He's very easy going guy.
But in his mind he's like,
why?
Why is there this desire to get people to enforce or to live some other form of
life that he doesn't want to live if he doesn't want to get married is when I
have to have children.
Why can't you just let them hang out at the pool hall?
But they were,
you know,
always be considered degenerates because of that.
Because of that desire.
You would always be assumed that if you wanted to be someplace where you're
playing pool at four o'clock in the morning,
terrible things were afoot right now.
Usually they were right doing bad thing,
but the reason is because the people that are willing to be up at four o'clock
in the morning,
hanging out all night at this pool hall,
or the same people who are not going to listen to whatever anybody tells him to
and they're gonna want to try to do whatever they want to do,
whatever they want to do is just gamble all day.
They should,
I mean,
what do you,
why stop them?
You know,
lungs in are robbing anybody.
As long as we're not doing anything illegal.
There was a shockingly small amount of criminals and all the time that I hung
out at these pool halls,
you would think there's like way more criminals,
way more crime.
Very little because of the late in the boozing and the drugs.
No,
it wasn't even that.
It's like there wasn't really that many bad guys there.
It was like these guys all wanted to do what they wanted to do.
Exactly.
It was all like,
I remember there's this one dude,
it was really fascinating.
He learned how to play chess in his head and prison and um,
he could like,
you could sit down with a chessboard and he could either tell you the moves and
you would watch your move and he would tell,
you know,
he would never move a piece.
We just tell you what the moves are.
Or he could do it all in his head.
Like you have a board in your head.
I have a chess board in my hand and I say pawn to the step.
And then you have to keep account of where all your pieces are while you're
doing this and you have to eat it by the way.
And you have to agree with the other person has to agree upon is at this spot,
right.
You know,
you,
you have to like,
you can't without actually without no chess board,
no chest.
Yes.
These guys are brilliant.
So this isn't a dumb guy.
This was the guy that just didn't want to do certain things in life.
He was gambling once and it was late at night.
It was like after midnight.
And uh,
he goes,
uh,
he,
he looked at his watch,
then they,
you know,
they're going to play another set and he goes,
you want to play another set?
He goes,
I've been thinking about getting a fucking divorce lately.
So yes,
yes,
I do.
And he wound up getting a divorce.
So he decided right there that he doesn't want anybody to tell him to come home
after midnight,
you know,
and he's like,
shut the fuck up.
I want to play pool.
I'm playing pool.
You know,
he was a brilliant dude.
He,
there was a kid who was a local kid who was a,
an actual chess champion,
really young kid.
And he would,
it was learning,
just learning how to play pool.
But at chess he was like a super wizard and him and his guy would sit in a
corner and they would,
uh,
exchange back and forth.
They would,
uh,
they would go over their moves together.
Amazing.
Amazing Watch.
That'd be funny.
They have like little picnic blank and they're both sitting there with like a
little picnic basket,
just like laying on their side,
looking at each other,
doing mine chats with the tender.
The wind slowly blows there,
I'm sure hair.
I'm sure there's couples that do that and they think it's sexy.
Yeah,
I think it's excellent.
He,
he learned that in prison.
Yup.
Wow.
Yeah.
I knew a lot of prisoners are a lot of felons rather that,
that I knew a lot of pain.
There was very little crime there I saw.
But I knew a lot of people who had done a lot in the past.
One Dude,
his name was international sal and international sal rest his heart rest.
His soul rather,
uh,
died a few years ago.
And He,
um,
when he was younger,
when he used to do is he was one of the first guys he was,
he was a,
he was a gem of a human.
It was a gem of a human.
And for the,
the,
the first days of American Express cards,
he figured out how to copy and the American Express card from the papers that
would,
uh,
you know,
they would be left behind.
We need to make our evangelists carbon slip.
So they would make an a complete copy of your card and then use it and buy
things and run up and shit like that.
And he was notorious gambling loser.
He just could not win.
He could not win.
And he would wait at the pool hall and they would come by and they would bring
him thousands of dollars and he would go and blow it all playing pool.
Like the guy who was,
I was talking about earlier about the heroin guy.
That's,
this guy's is George the Greek.
And George,
the Greek would always talk,
that fucking guy can't win.
That guy can't fucking when I'm telling Ya I don't give a fuck of it's an inch
from the hole.
You bet on the other cock sucker,
you bet on.
And he would,
uh,
he would always,
you know,
just sit there and analyze this international sal character.
And he goes,
well let me you some of this motherfucker,
he lost a million a month,
lost a million a month.
Whether that's true.
Yeah.
Who the fuck knows who the fuck knows how much he really lost?
But apparently he lost an incredible amount of money playing Paul.
Yeah.
And the people like,
you know,
just just robbed him.
They would just rob him constantly.
So then he went to jail and then he came back out and went legit.
And when I met him he was legit.
So when I met him,
it was all just the stories of international style.
But it was fascinating.
He would sit down and tell you what it was like Internet for the fucking
degenerate name mean.
It's for like a gambler or like a mobster.
I'm cold.
Stope Brian.
I got to speak to him like a couple of years before he died.
I called up the pool hall,
wants to say hi to everybody and he was still alive and I said hi to him.
I used to like the guys like hanging out and talk to them.
Tell me old criminal stories.
Cause when I met him he was already probably like sixties he was probably
already,
yeah,
I met a lot of crazy motherfuckers.
Enough place.
Whenever you're in certain sort of an alternate environment like that where you
know any clubs.
Yeah,
comedy clubs.
Exactly.
Perfect.
Exactly parallel between people like that and kind of for sure and boxing gyms
to boxing gyms to anything where you're doing something that's like a completely
outside of the norm.
Some of the funniest people I've ever met in my life had been fighters,
guys and fight gyms because there's so ridiculous,
you know,
first of all a lot of them were fuck like Tate Tate used to say some funny shit
man.
He was always saying some pretty funny shit cause he's a God damn savage.
Yeah.
It was a former mixed martial arts fighter.
Big fucking giant Caveman Viking dude.
Stinky,
stinky.
It's a brutal,
yeah.
Protein bars and shit.
No,
he's a big dude.
You gotta gotta eat a lot.
The digestive tract can only handle so much protein.
Blows it out the phone,
just toxic gas.
But you know,
fighters have like a certain sense of humor that's like much like comics do.
Like where it's like that dark,
they're willing to go where other people aren't willing to go.
Sense of humor,
you know,
pointing out something that everybody might be thinking but not everybody's
saying and don't really think before they say it kind of.
She's very impulsive.
Yeah.
Well you have to almost be to try to do that in the first place.
Cause it's such a crazy thing to decide to do with your body.
You know,
the physical torture,
you know,
to put yourself out there to get beaten.
There's a little bit of that too.
But this,
you know,
the,
just the impulsiveness of,
you know,
just getting involved in it.
Some for some people it's actually a slow thing and they slowly get into it and
get into martial arts and eventually want to be a fighter.
But some,
some people just fucking right away when a fight,
there's just a wild impulsiveness to them.
I've seen cage fights where guys had like literally a week's training.
They had never done anything and they were fighting and they were,
they had a week's trading and they just fucking go wild on each other and shit
and swaying and craziness.
And no one really knew how to fight annuities.
It's essentially a street fight with a few rules that show we saw was it taboo,
whether it's a place in Australia where a guy has a circus
tent and he has like fighters,
fighters.
Yeah.
Yes you did.
Oh,
okay,
please keep going.
And so,
so you go going to the circus tents in Australia and the drunks and people off
the street come in and he says you with one a with a fighter,
you know,
and you can use it like a professional fighter.
Yeah.
That's so deep.
And it's,
but at the same time kind of awesome and serves a function like if you're just
some angry drunk 18 year old boy who wants a fight,
okay,
well go over there instead of beating.
I don't have like,
it's not like a,
uh,
a Cain Velasquez steps in there.
Like this dude might kill you.
Right.
It's like they're the people that have their boxing,
right.
The boxers that are what they are is they're,
they're not,
they're not championship level boxers,
but it's all,
there's active friends.
Yeah.
And it's,
it's just backing.
You throw on gloves and if you throw somebody that knows how to box,
just,
you know,
it has a few years of boxing,
knows how to move and jab and actually box versus a guy who's like,
I'm fucking crazy.
And you're just like,
here's gloves and go at it.
That dude with the boxing skills is just going to pick up on a clinic and that's
what they do.
And everyone's drinking.
It's like a fun,
right?
They don't like,
but what if,
what if some guys are ringer?
What was it?
Some Kimbo slice type character.
Yeah.
Man.
Fucking knocked out to this by the way.
Somebody,
anybody can get in,
right?
Yeah.
If you go to somebody who was at the leading either,
like we used to have those here.
That's,
this is 2012 man.
I'm like,
dude,
we just saw this.
It's not like some shit.
I'm talking about the 60s on right now.
Fucking love Australia Dude.
It's awesome.
Love it.
And we met Tommy and I had a great time there.
That's great.
Nice soup on so much.
We talked about it.
Uh,
what was that?
The Ice House chronical.
Yeah.
Tommy and I went and then we were there with Eddie Bravo and we went to see that
stupid Leonardo Dicaprio movie Shiela,
who was crazy.
It's a lot of people liked.
And I say I liked it.
That fucking love.
That movie sucks.
Shutter island?
No shutter island.
I love sugar.
I thought there was pretty good.
You hold on [inaudible] island for the,
for the twist and you're like,
oh.
So he is crazy.
Like the thing that we kept considering the whole time,
right?
Like he's great.
Maybe he's not crazy,
right.
May is crazy.
And then they go,
yeah,
he was great.
It didn't make sense to me that you're showing me this,
you know,
you're showing me from his perspective first and then from an outside one more
movie.
Yeah,
well there's a better version of it I guess.
Meanwhile I'm like cabin in the woods.
Awesome.
Yeah.
So we got,
we were,
but it was,
it was,
we didn't like it.
Me and Eddie and Tom,
we were all in agreement.
This is like,
it was,
it was a field.
It felt like we got tricked a trek.
Absolutely.
So we decided to get hammered.
So we went to some local bar and just went crazy.
Yeah,
we went fucking crazy.
We had just landed.
So our body clocks.
Yeah,
we were a day off and we just started buying drinks for everybody.
There was like hundreds of people.
I don't know how much,
I literally spent thousands of dollars.
I don't know
how many people,
but it was,
I wanted,
I wanted like,
I don't know what I mean,
we just had a couple of shots in the idea.
It came across to just fucking,
I could buy drinks for everybody.
They just buy a bunch of fucking people drink.
So I just started pointing to people.
Do you want to drink man?
Dude?
Gimme a high five.
What do you want to be that the comedy store every weekend?
Back in the day almost.
Well,
I would buy the whole crowd a drink if I kicked somebody out.
That was my move I had to do almost every day.
Yeah.
Well,
because it was always,
there was always at least once a month,
you would get like a crazy heckler,
like someone who you just couldn't deal with.
You'd be like,
come on man,
you can't keep talking on this show is going on.
This shit is,
it's annoying to all the other people around you.
And they all started cheering and they go,
look bro,
I want you to enjoy the show.
I want you to enjoy show.
We got to stop yelling shit out.
Okay.
And then they'd yell shit out again.
All right,
fuck this.
You gotta go.
And then when it got to that point,
I'm like,
I'm sorry dude,
but you got to go.
And then when the people would leave,
I would say,
look,
and that felt creepy light,
right?
It felt like,
like daddy came home,
yelled at mom,
I go,
I don't want,
I don't want anything uncomfortable.
So my,
my custom is when I kick someone out,
I buy everyone else to drink.
And so everybody goes,
Yay.
I go,
I want us to have fun.
I didn't,
I don't want to have to deal with that,
but I have,
it's my job.
Unfortunately,
when there's someone like that,
you have to deal with them because it's interrupting the show for the other
people.
It's fucking with the performance and there's nothing you can do about it other
than address it.
You have to address it.
Some people don't consider that aspect of it the most too,
is that a lot of times people think that that person's just bothering you and
they're not even considering the fact that maybe in that section where that
asshole keeps yelling shit out,
there are 25 people around him who are like,
I wish somebody would get rid of this motherfucker cause he's ruining my
experience.
And there was a couple of those in Florida,
there was a several kick outs in Florida.
One of them was a cop.
Turns out the check was outside and they,
they,
they put her hands on,
I should pull a badge out on the guy.
Wow.
Yeah.
Actually get your hands off me.
And this batch was,
she got kicked out for being hammered and she was a cop,
but there was,
um,
there was several people that got kicked out.
One of is a table that wouldn't shut the fuck up.
So the neighbor table slammed his hand on the table and said,
shut the fuck up.
And then the guy got up and he was enormous,
huge mistake.
I mean,
the guy didn't do anything,
but holy Shit,
what I'm talking about,
this is like a literally a football player,
like a 300 pound football player.
I was like,
Holy Fuck,
that guy's big.
And he's pointing down at them and I'm like,
oh,
please,
Lord.
No,
not a fucking bench clearing brawl.
So I asked him,
I said,
sir,
what's going on,
sir?
Can you tell me what's going on?
Sorry.
And I hear a lot of,
fuck you,
you fucking touch where to buy it.
So,
and I'm like,
sir,
what happened?
Were you enjoying the show before all this when it happened?
And this lady goes,
before these fucking assholes had a slap down on our table.
So they take her husband out and I go,
ma'am,
I go,
we're going to need you to calm down or you're gonna stay,
you're going to stay and they're going to arrest him.
Is that what's going to go on?
Like what's going on?
Other other just going to kick him out and they just kicked him out and then she
said,
you know,
you know they were fucking slap but I'm in it.
And then the table goes,
yeah we slept at your table cause you wouldn't shut the fuck up.
And everybody went,
yeah,
that's the whole place.
So cheering,
you know for this guy.
Wow.
Like those,
I don't know.
And I asked her,
I go,
have you ever done mushrooms?
And then I go,
you probably haven't done mushrooms.
Right?
I go,
cause if you did,
you feel terrible about this,
you'd realize like you're just being real negative.
Selfish.
This is just creepy.
You want to talk and you're mad.
I go,
you should feel horrible that you were so talkative that people had a slap their
hand on your table because you're interrupting.
They're fun.
Yeah,
they're eating.
They're good time.
With your squawking.
And then she gave me the finger and I said,
well,
that's really bad Karma right there.
I go,
what you're doing right Karma.
I'm like,
you're spreading the wrong kind of energy and that's the wrong signal.
It's not nice.
Yeah.
It was just one of those things where you just,
you're,
you're gonna run into a certain percentage of those people are going to happen.
Yeah.
Part of the,
it's fun though.
It's part of what everybody got out of it.
No one had got hurt.
People got drunk,
people got kicked out.
But at the end of the day though,
the rest of the audience had a great fucking time that that was one of the
nuttiest shows ever.
The one where the lady and the Gaga kicked out.
Yeah.
I've seen some wild ones.
I saw,
uh,
a guy in the audience one time punch another guy.
Yeah.
I've seen a brawl brawl or to your show.
Like in the shower.
Yeah,
I've seen,
I've seen it a couple times.
As soon guys get get in fights,
it's almost always someone talking.
I saw a guy who almost died the punch,
the guy punched him because they told him to shut up.
Oh yeah.
Always.
Yeah.
Always shut the fuck up man.
Where you stop talking out loud.
I love the punk rockness of standup.
Like it's the only,
it's the only farm entertainment where the audience is allowed to take,
first of all,
like eat Nachos and drink and shit and then like yell at you like what other,
like in the theater,
like if we were proper performers,
that could never happen.
Like if we weren't just stage actors and shit like to place,
you can't yell at people.
No,
I know.
Gets so bananas.
It's not accepted.
Yeah.
It's not hate this play man.
Did you see the youtube video of the guy who's doing this performance art piece
in New York and there was a big Christian contingent in the audience?
No.
CNS,
I forget the dude's name.
I should probably youtube it or something like that.
Um,
Christians walk out on,
I don't know what a,
I don't even know how I would youtube it.
I don't even know what the fuck.
How would it find it?
Yeah,
if you could find it.
Brian,
this,
uh,
Christians walk out on live performance,
so they poured water on his notes.
He was doing a bit and uh,
in the bit he was like,
there's,
it's something to do with if you were having sex with Paris Hilton,
like in the moment you'd be saying you'd be fucking,
I go,
wow,
I can't believe I'm fucking Paris Hilton.
And then Paris Hilton would be thinking,
I can't believe I'm fucking Paris Hilton at the same time.
It was really,
it was kind of fun.
Right?
And this guy gets up and then they all get up.
There's like 80 people were there from Christian group and they start pouring
water on his nose.
They look,
and these were his original notes and this is,
he doesn't have anything typed out.
He has it all.
His whole show written down on these notes and Skype poured water on it and it,
you know,
it's like they were pissed and storming out of there because they thought that
somehow none of this was,
uh,
how is this effect?
I don't know.
They tried to grab as big Paris Hilton fans?
No,
I just think that it was the idea of them.
Someone talking about fucking in front of them.
They're a bunch of creepy Weirdos.
It's really basically what it is.
The whole idea of these Christian groups and you know,
you're going to go up and pour water on someone's notes and you're going to be
upset at them for their words.
You stupid.
Fuck.
That's Antichristian you dummy.
That's absolutely the antithesis of what you're supposed to be doing.
I heard people,
yeah,
people,
yeah.
People get upset about stuff when they yell at you.
I love when they're just so upset about a certain topic or joking.
Like I remember with you one time,
I dunno,
it's just on your last special with the baby.
Uh,
which one?
The baby,
which bit was that?
The kids getting below the,
like if there's,
if I walked in on a little,
uh,
no,
I,
you know,
I never,
that's never been on any specialty on this one.
I don't know.
I haven't been doing it or when people think that bit might might've passed,
it's time.
I mean that,
I mean sometimes I have bits of just pass their time,
but people will get upset.
You know,
they get out of there like a,
how dare you?
That's enough.
That's a five year old boy or whatever.
You know what?
I'm going to do it that way,
man.
I'm gonna use that bit as like a,
a fucking a bonus extra.
I always liked it.
You know what it did?
I didn't,
uh,
I didn't do it well in Ohio to the special,
it just like something was off and I decided to like go out.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
People get it when I like write about a topic,
right.
To say like I talk about some guy that's fucking a dolphin.
He was on the Howard stern show and he was having sex with this dolphin
regularly.
I know.
I didn't fucking make it up.
I'm just reporting it and people are like,
oh no.
Oh No.
It's like,
really,
you don't think in the world that this exists is a grownup top.
They know it's just right now they don't you,
you haven't really quite gotten your full stride as far as like people
recognizing how funny you are and having like your own crowd.
I'm sure your podcast has changed a lot of it,
right?
It's helped.
It's definitely helped.
And by the way,
folks,
the podcast is called your mom's house.
Why?
Why,
why is it called your mom's house?
Oh,
we're obsessed with that whole phenomenon of calling each other.
Mom was like,
what's the worst thing you could call your spouse is like mommy.
Right.
And we started doing it like an o seven or eight and it just stuck.
And
I'm going out to the store.
I'll be back.
Mommy.
Just stupid to say like Philly.
And then I always thought that your mom jokes were dumb.
So I thought it fucking six juvenile juvenile,
the whole show's juvenile.
So just to say your mom's house,
it's like,
where are you going?
I'm going to your mom's house.
You still need to say it's dumb.
But that's what amuses me is that it's silly.
Well,
you guys are both very silly.
You're my favorite married couple that are comedians because you're the only one
that are still together.
Everybody else.
I know they dropped like flies.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah they can.
Any others?
Well you know,
I'm trying to think.
Well there's,
in our business you guys want some more of this or not baby powder.
Yeah.
There's a,
in our business there's,
you know there's a lot of us are fucked in the head,
right?
Yeah,
for sure.
I mean this job is,
it's almost a given that there's going to be a certain amount of,
you're fucked in the head.
Yeah.
If you want to become a comedian for sure.
And so then to find someone who's got the right kind of fucked in your head that
the ashes with your kind of fucked up.
It's all about,
yeah,
that's what it is.
Right.
That's a completely is the best way to break it down.
Yeah.
But it's all like fucked in the head.
People think is bad,
but it's not bad.
My eye,
if it wasn't for all of my fucked in the heads,
I wouldn't have never gotten anywhere.
That's right.
Cause most of my impulses are to do things that were fucking completely risky,
really fucking terrible future success ratio.
You know,
really no chance.
You've got to fucking get by.
You know,
if you had a kid and he said,
Hey Dad,
hey dad,
I'm thinking about being a standup people.
Oh fuck yeah.
Oh Jesus.
Don't do that.
Actually,
if it wasn't funny.
Ah,
that exactly.
That's how my mom treated it when I told her I was going to do it.
Oh,
I dropped out of law school.
Oh to be a comic after two weeks.
Imagine that.
And my parents are immigrants who escaped from Hungary to come here.
So,
oh my God.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
But it is that we met like we talk about that,
like who else would,
uh,
tolerate,
tolerate what you say,
you know?
Yeah.
Because,
uh,
um,
you know,
were very inappropriate by yeah.
Normal people.
Whatever standards outside of comedy world.
Yeah.
W you know,
I was talking with Amy Schumer about this.
We're,
we're,
we're sitting down and uh,
she,
she said something about her,
her mom,
like what,
what her mom was made or something.
And some somehow or another I got to asking her whether or not her mom was a
comment or say said you waiting room.
I was a cut.
And I was like,
it's so funny that you know with Comedians you can do that.
Yeah.
My mom is a cunt.
Right.
You know,
you could say that.
But if you send that to like a lot of regular people,
like fuck you man,
that's my mom bro.
That's not cool.
You know,
we say that to each other.
That's the dude.
What's his name?
Uh,
his name is Mike Daisy audience protest.
I want you to feel bad ass Brian is how did you not win the shorty award dude?
Cause it's not real want doing here.
Yeah.
Play.
It's kind of interesting.
You can never fully be in that moment because you're thinking about what that
moment signifies.
And Paris Hilton,
Paris Hilton thinking Paris Hilton is thinking,
Oh my God,
I'm Paris Hilton.
That was the punchline that I had already given away.
Now they get up and so he's sitting there,
he's got this change space.
Um,
I think it's like 40 people or something like that.
It was like the first time it show had sold out and now he doesn't know what's
going on.
He's sitting there,
they're getting up and then one guy takes his water and he just starts pouring
it on the notes.
So Christian life and then he shoved the water bottle in Mike's Class.
Wow.
Yeah.
He just got up and fuck with them
and they said they're leaving because of the language.
That's the producer.
What do you want to do?
And so he's tries to talk to them.
He gets up and he like,
he's the,
all these people were filing out just yet.
Any of you people are leaving,
want to stay and talk about this or do you own or run out like power?
Huh?
You really don't even want to hear what the thoughts that he came to my show to
see or do you want to walk out like powers?
Cause I can refrain from using language when talking to you,
but I'd like you to use the English language to talk to me.
Insulted my show.
You poured water on my art.
You messed up my things here.
Are you all,
do you all intend to just walk out of here?
Okay.
Hey Man,
you here to be an adult.
Would you like to stay and talk about that?
Okay,
so then he gets back and he kinda like,
he takes it really well.
He comes back and sits down and then joking around about it.
All right.
Are you guys leaving?
Is there anyone that would like to speak to what
ma'am,
please pick a message back to your people.
People find,
know what you're going to see before you see it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yes.
Get off work those days.
Day.
I can't believe none of you.
None of you would have the guts to stay here and talk to me.
That guy does.
The sound guy is why
you with this route?
Oh,
well.
okay.
Well we don't have to live with what we were talking about
by the way.
The point is like,
just like your shows,
a lot of people,
they don't know exactly what you're doing.
They're coming to a comedy show.
Yeah.
Whatever's there.
We wouldn't do that to a movie.
You don't want what's playing at the movie theater?
I don't care.
Oh,
I pay money and two drinks and everything.
Households would,
yeah.
Yeah.
Assholes would.
They would yell out at the movie theater to,
yeah.
Think about when they go to comedy is when they assume that the show and the
comedy should be like presented to what?
Like when they think that should be reticent to their tastes.
Yeah.
Otherwise when they're like,
yeah,
but I'm,
I'm not into this.
I,
it's like this isn't,
this isn't for you.
I had a lady yell out next subject once of the car,
next subject.
She,
I think she's even said drop it.
Next subject.
I've had that when they go like move it along,
get past this.
It was my,
my cloning Jesus bit.
There was a company called,
I forget what it was.
It was,
it turned out to be parody and what they were though.
Oh,
the second coming project.
That's what the idea was.
The idea was they're going to take genetic material off of the shroud of Turin
and they were going to use it to clone Jesus and then my joke was like that
stuff first of all is not a hundred percent accurate.
Like they look Dolly the sheep,
they had to clone a bunch of dollars before they got one that would live.
I go,
what if the clone Jesus and he comes back retarded when it happens and I go to
what do you,
what do you want it?
It's your call.
I go,
I say,
we follow them.
It could be a test,
it feels like a test to me and then like [inaudible] water and the wine.
He would turn dark shit and the cookies
and then I,
I had this been,
I was in the middle of doing it and this is fucking check just goes,
she just goes next subject,
next subject.
But people feel like if you're,
especially if you're saying something about religion,
which even though to the rational person,
it really is kind of silly to be connected inexorably to some ideology who's
ringing.
It's probably the most unprofessional person in the red.
It's probably me then
I thought it was Tommy.
Why am I so unprofessional?
Hey,
so I got a new game for you guys to play.
I tried who not flush the toilet as long as possible.
So you have to,
you have to stack your shit on hers.
Vice versa,
like
flush in Seattle.
Just try it and see how,
see if you can go three days.
That's,
that's my cutoff.
How wins after one?
I'm sorry about that.
My apologies for the songwriting.
What the hell were we talking about?
I shut the other phone off dinner.
Hopefully you're talking about Oh,
next bit.
Yeah.
It's just uh,
you know,
especially what I was saying,
cause when it's a religious thing like people like feel it really feel like this
is something you are not allowed to talk about.
This is,
this is my religion.
It's funny when they say that you shouldn't talk about politics or religion.
Those are the two things you should avoid.
Well those are the only,
there's only a couple left for me to find out if you're crazy.
What do you think about ghosts?
You know,
you ever see a Ufo?
There's only a couple more things I have left for me to find out what you're
fucking crazy,
you know,
have to get to politics or as soon as you go,
well,
you know,
I've always been Republican.
I'm going to stick with the party.
I think the party line is absolutely right and sometimes we go a little off
track.
Oh,
you crazy ass over.
It's all.
So if I can't talk politics with that guy,
we went to talk big foot,
we're going to talk Sasquatch.
People get really fucking mad man.
They feel like they're,
they're allowed to get mad too.
It's not like they disagree with you on,
they take pride in getting mad about it.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well it's righteous.
Righteous.
And even to the point of,
you know,
finding an excuse to commit violence.
Yeah.
I mean that guy only poured water on the,
uh,
the notes.
How close,
you know,
you pour water on some dude's notes and they're going to fucking throw a water
bottle at you and you might hit them and they might hit,
you know,
it might turn into some physical altercation.
You can't pour water on someone's fucking,
no,
it's cause you don't like what they're saying.
That's a complete douchebag move.
Unless the guy,
his notes are all a bunch of lies about you or something and you're mad.
But if it's about Paris Hilton and you fucking Weirdo,
that's what you're picking your battles right there.
So this was not like a protest to go to this show.
This was actually a group that went to a show and we're like,
we don't like this.
He says that he says the f word and then these grownups can't handle what Fascia
is he on Broadway or some shit?
I don't know.
It's in New York.
I Dunno.
That's so nuts,
man.
It's fascinating.
I don't want to hear the f word.
The way he handled it was really interesting too.
You know,
it was,
he was much more offended than I think a comedian would be in the same
situation.
Yeah.
You know,
it's like they came to his show and they fucked up his whole thing,
you know?
Yeah.
We're just used to being where she used to be fucked for the car.
It's like Friday,
late show.
Let's do it.
Oh God.
Sorry.
Late shows always the most brutal,
right?
Yeah.
Was hammered.
Everyone's tired.
Yeah.
And you don't go when they get,
you don't go when they're leaving,
you don't go like,
does anyone want to stay in?
Discuss this?
You're just like,
get the fuck Outta here.
You piece of shit.
Oh,
Jesus Christ.
Oh fuck yourself.
Those are brutal shows.
How about the late show?
Saturday when you have to do three.
I gave up on those.
The moment I could.
I remember those.
I get those calls.
No third show on Saturday.
No,
no.
Third trouble.
Last time you were here.
We do a third.
It was pretty successful.
Yeah.
Yeah,
yeah.
For you.
Not for my fucking soul.
For my soul.
How many people are asleep at those shows?
Like literally asleep,
sitting there
drunk to the point of just complete and coherent.
You're doing that third show was a brand to feel like this.
We're a 15 minute show.
This wouldn't be that bad because they're,
they're still into it.
And then that,
that all sudden the headline spots brewed,
right?
The road starts to turn and sometimes you'll see a feature,
have a great set,
and then you get up there and you're like 10,
15 minutes and you're like,
this shit is starting to change.
[inaudible]
matches the amount of shots that have important.
That room
you should cut short.
I would say do like a 45 minutes or 40 minutes if you've got to do a midnight
show.
Those fucking chose the good thing about it,
like Ari Shapiro and I were talking about,
um,
the,
uh,
opening spot at a,
like,
one of the things that makes you really powerful is
doing an opening spot where you have to go on first.
The crowd's not warmed up at all and you go on doing that.
It's like,
it makes you really fucking focus and lock in quickly.
You can't,
you can't just coast on the energy that's already been on stage before you and
when to when people do well,
you know,
and they're gone before you,
you or you can just ride their energy.
Just go up there and coast.
But the,
but the open gate,
yeah.
Really Strengthens your act.
You know,
like I remember I watched you do it a bunch of times when we went on the road
and you know,
I could see you like setting up right away.
You want to make sure that you come out of the gates strong and confident.
He hit them with some good shit right away.
And then,
yeah.
It's like,
it's a tricky little first moment.
The first moment they see you up there.
Yeah.
How's this going to go?
It's so important though to do it.
Like to try to do it right right away.
Get them on board immediately and then you get your own wave.
Yes.
It's super strong for your,
for your act.
Totally.
You really learn how to develop like weapons,
like an opening weapon.
No know this one's going to fucking check Martin a deck.
That's why I love black
Guardian says like,
and I did Cleveland and there's so many black people.
I love that there might,
they're my favorite because if they smell your fear,
you're fucked.
If they even sense for a minute that you hesitate or that you're afraid of them,
like the whole energy shifts.
But if they like you and they see let you,
don't give a fuck about what they think of you.
You're,
you're good.
I did a lot of black clubs in Boston,
did a lot of shit and Matt a pan and there was a,
a dude who,
uh,
booked.
He's really good clubs.
There were really good closet.
It was all black crowds and it paid better than the white shows.
It was great.
It was fascinating,
man watching him.
One guy couldn't do his room because he had,
uh,
strict censorship policy,
very strict.
He would like give the comics,
uh,
speech before the show.
It was hilarious.
My friend John worked,
dangles,
no mother fuckers know mother fuckers.
He goes,
no bitch.
Okay,
that's a lady.
And he goes,
you don't say,
Oh that bitch had a big ass.
You said that woman had a wide behind coaching.
He actually said that you don't see that girl had a big ass.
She had a wide behind and they made people do you know like a really clean
censored comedy but like it was one of the best rooms.
It was one of the roads where I wish that I did clean comedy.
You could fucking crush that Rome like they were.
They laughed hard.
It was a one of the first times I ever saw Reggie McFadden to Reggie McFadden
who is one of those guys that I never understood why Reginald McFadden never
became fucking huge.
The regimen and then I knew from like 1998 1991 I was convinced that that kid
was going to be like one of the top standup comedians in the country and one of
the places I saw him was that the champagne comedy club.
No motherfuckers know fuckers.
You can't say bitch,
that's a lady as a lady you don't say the bitch had a why.
That bitch had a big ass shit a wide behind.
Yeah.
You have to say that he had very strict rules.
God,
thank God I didn't have to be a clean comic these days.
Like it's brutal.
Well,
you know,
what people don't understand is that everybody sort of got the idea that clean
comedy was smart comedy because of television.
You know,
the only reason why you had to have things clean on television,
it's because you didn't want to offend the advertisers.
It's really simple.
So everybody basically became a bitch to the advertisers.
The advertisers don't you want you to talking about overthrowing the government.
That's what they censored.
Hicks is shit.
When Ben Hicks was on CBS and Kitson Boom,
can't show smoking weed.
You can't show a lot of things.
You know,
advertisers,
they want,
they want to be able to sell to the most amount of people possible.
Well then there's no artistic integrity or you know,
the right to opinion.
All that stuff's out the window when you're selling shit.
So they,
you know,
it's interesting that kind of explains why TV sets are still sort of middle of
the road.
Sure.
In terms of the sensor,
the shit out of your set.
You know,
there's very few like really edgy topics you could get away with if you know
you're doing a Letterman said,
are you doing within that scene on that's not where it's for what it's for.
You know,
it's a,
it's,
it is what it is,
but I don't think it's a more clever way of doing comedy.
I've always found that it's,
you know,
to put shackles on yourself as a writing exercise.
I absolutely agree with.
I think I like to do that.
That's one of the things I like about Twitter is the hundred and 40 character
limit.
I think,
you know,
I think it actually helps my writing like little zingers,
a little quick lines.
But I think to,
to try to put like,
you know,
it's,
it's uh,
it's hard to figure out how to do comedy and do it like the most with the most
effective way with the least amount of extra words.
Like you ever watch a guy talk on stage and he'd go,
this is like,
get to the fucking write.
The jokes are really funny,
but the setup is like too clunky.
There's too much words there,
but then you watch a guy like Joey Diaz and one of the art form that is Joey is
Joe uses the least amount of words possible for the most impact.
Like he's a,
he's brilliant at that.
Yeah,
it's a great way.
That's a great formula period.
Like the thing that I see people like younger comics,
I think screw grew up with the most,
is not saying they don't have a clear view of what their point is.
In other words,
they have their jokes,
right?
They,
they,
if they make,
if you make the setup and the point that you're making upfront,
clear,
your joke will be more effective about it,
but they talk around their point.
The premise,
the premise is like,
you're like,
I think you're saying this,
and they have a joke and they're like,
oh,
I wonder why that joke doesn't go.
Part of it is listening to your recordings.
I should fucking news.
Everybody does.
Yeah,
but you got to do it.
Do you have an iPhone?
Do you have that voice notes?
Thanking your record.
Do you record your sets?
Done it once or twice but it fucking amazing.
I know I have to
do all the time.
I'll listen to it all the time and it helps me a lot because if I take like a
week off I'll just listen to like four or five sets in a row and it's like I'm
right,
I'm right back in groove.
Crazy that a week off a month.
I don't like taking,
I don't like taking a week off.
I like to do at least one set a week,
you know,
to warm like if I'm in the warm up stages but like,
because I'm doing this thing in Atlanta,
I did you know Fort Lauderdale for a week and then I was here for a week and
then before that we were in Louisville for a week.
So it was like to
get in comedy shape,
you know,
you get,
you get used up,
banging it out,
paying it up and yeah,
I don't like taking a week off.
I've took,
I took it a more than a month off before.
It's weird.
I've ever taken off in 10 years is about just under a month.
Yeah.
People don't understand.
It's like you,
you,
there's a,
a certain amount of a conditioning that's necessary to be a comedian.
It's like a certain amount of getting used to it and doing it all the time.
Like it almost like you're like,
like you know,
like radiation,
you've got to fucking build up a tolerance for it or something.
Yeah.
Which is a terrible analogy cause you can't build up a tolerance for radiation.
I don't know what it is.
Very momentum based,
carry that momentum.
If you're doing it a lot and you go through things,
he wouldn't have been doing it.
If you do weeks off and you go try to do so,
you're like,
that was fucking all when we work together,
we did that um,
maximum comedy thing and Phoenix,
the first time we worked together and me and Charlie Murphy and John Heffron had
been doing these dates all over the country.
We did like 22 shows in a row.
So we were just on fire.
And so what a great feeling then is when you're doing that many sets and you
just,
you just go out there and fucking level it.
So like you know exactly your beats and you and you figured out that you can add
something here and change something.
That was,
that was a fun time and that's where I realized what size balls Charlie Murphy
has.
Charlie Murphy has gigantic balls,
literally like big put on our foreheads and take pictures.
Hold them hostage.
No,
he,
he would,
he was like headlining duty.
Don't even been doing comedy for like two years.
It's crazy.
He was headlining and doing an hour and he'd only been doing comedy for two
years.
He has massive balls.
That guy,
he just basically took an opportunity.
He got on the Chappelle show who's basically an active before that took that
opportunity,
started doing these little things where he would host things and then people
started giving them money to headline and next thing you know he's a fucking
professional comedian and now he's headline and all over the world.
Yeah,
it's crazy.
I mean that's,
that's balls.
I mean,
he's in his forties when that all happened.
That's why I was starting.
And you're going to manage how bananas.
I fucking loved hanging out with him though.
He's a great guy.
Loved hanging out with him on the road.
I remember how much fun Charlie was.
Charlie Murphy enrich.
I went to,
I went to dinner with them one of those nights.
Oh yeah.
He took me to dinner.
It couldn't have been nicer.
He had be pissing my pants.
The stories talking about it.
That was a fucking hanging out with Mike Tyson and Oh yeah,
that story that he told on the podcast about the lion.
Did you ever hear that story told Stan someone animate that shit?
I feel like so many animated the story and the line.
He also told me some,
but maybe I'm getting confused story about like somebody disrespected him in
front of his dad and he had this,
like,
he got so enraged,
but he,
the way he told the story I,
you weren't like,
wow,
this is serious shit.
I was just like fucking crying,
laughing about how upset he got.
You know,
he's just,
he's naturally,
there's a reason those,
those,
uh,
real hot,
true Hollywood stories are so fun.
He's his,
his way of telling a story.
It's just,
you know what I mean?
Diction and the cadence and the way he paints a picture.
That dude's just naturally,
it's the Joe Rogan experience.
Mike Tyson.
Youtube.
This is a,
just go to a,
he was on our podcast.
We talked about it,
dude.
So if you go to,
um,
go to the Joe Rogan experience,
Mike Tyson,
he talks about Mike and visited like Tyson's over his house and it's,
and some of the animated it.
Oh,
that's cool.
Yeah.
That's great diction.
Yeah,
he does.
I seen Mike come rent.
Yeah.
Mike is really weird because like,
we didn't know him at all.
And then next thing you know,
a month,
every single day we're hanging out with him.
Couldn't have been better.
A different city that was exhausted.
It was great.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
It was the most confusing time ever though.
Like,
yeah,
we didn't know where we were.
We would wake up,
we had nowhere were,
were
buses and shit or what,
we were supposed to have a tour bus with a tour bus,
ripped us off the scanner.
They scammed us.
There was a,
they had an address and we drove to where the address was and it was literally
an abandoned lot.
They scan,
they scammed.
Susman yeah.
See this is it,
but this just the animation where he's talking about Mike Tyson.
Yeah.
If you could find that folks,
if you're interested in it,
it's uh,
I'll,
I'll tweet it later too when I told you to ask him because that was another
story.
Like Johnny Gill,
he's like Johnny Gill and done it feels like I could fuck up Oscar de la Hoya.
He's like,
I'm gonna tell.
Ask Her that shit.
Yeah.
Charlie's an old school karate guy.
Charlie Murphy was a old school karate guy.
He was,
he was doing karate from the time he was a young kid.
So me and him had like a lot of karate stories and martial arts story.
She's a huge,
like martial arts.
You're fishing Otto,
he sees you.
He'll go,
he knows everybody.
That was something about fighting.
You know,
it's funny,
like when somebody who says like,
I could whip that guy's ass,
and you're talking about like a professional fighter is like,
oh,
it's so,
it's a horrible thing to watch.
But I've heard it.
I've heard it come out of,
uh,
of many,
guy's mouth and many of them talking about bro it off.
Those are the months I,
you something.
Uriah Faber,
he fights at 135 pounds.
And if you're like some regular dude and you're six foot three and you weigh 230
pounds,
that little dude's gonna fuck you up.
He's gonna fuck you up.
He's going to be doing things to you that you don't even know when he's done
before he's doing him.
And it'll be too late.
And if he gets a hold of your neck,
you're going to sleep.
It doesn't matter if you weighed 300 pounds,
if you're IFA,
favor can get a real gay teen around your neck,
night,
you go sleep.
It doesn't,
it's not that hard to cut off the blood to the brain.
You know,
you just pinch those arteries together and if you have a good grip and you're
right,
it does.
If he can hang on and keep that guy from prying them off or just 15 seconds,
I bet he can do to there.
I bet he puts,
I got asleep.
You know there's,
there's a lot of dudes out there that are professional fighters and I bet they
get disrespected occasionally,
occasionally by dummies,
but for the most part I think people are pretty cool about it.
Well the thing was the,
the,
the whole reason that we were talking about that with that story about Johnny
Gill and Oscar de la Hoya was because people would say it about Oscar Moore
because he had the pretty boy image.
It's like,
yeah,
that pretty boy could fuck you up dude.
Manny Pacquiao man,
I met Manny Pacquiao.
He's like this tiny guy.
He's like real super sweet and friendly.
Mainly pack.
Yeah,
we'll fuck you man.
Totally.
Now.
And it would happen faster than you could get your hands up.
Like it wouldn't be over before you position yourself for your first part.
Well he Margarito he broke both his eye sockets
so fast,
so strong and just heal that you'd go to surgery.
He had a,
he had an artificial implants.
Yes.
But one of his lenses,
one of his lens is apparently got damaged in the fight to his eye,
completely swole up.
One of them was just really fucked up and the apparently just Manny Pacquiao
just tuned his face up.
And what's really crazy is like earlier in the fight,
like he was telling me [inaudible] corner man,
he's got no power.
It's got no power.
I don't know if Manny like baited him in like maybe Manny played pitty pat with
his face a little bit and then started landing some bombs on him.
But he is dealing with a guy,
you know this,
that level that Manny pack yell level.
Floyd Mayweather level.
There's their masters one really?
Well,
mark has super elite masters of,
of boxing.
Yeah.
And it's so fun to watch.
It's so funny.
I've been going to this boxing gym and there's this junior,
uh,
Olympian who does his sparring there.
And then I'm sitting there after like a,
basically like a class in the sparring is going on and the rotating people in
and they sat in this kid who's really fucking movies land and stuff.
He's getting hit too,
but I'm like,
I'm like,
this kid is good.
And they're like,
yeah,
he's been doing it for eight years.
And I was like,
well how old is he?
And like he just turned 15 and I was like,
that can't kill me.
Sophomore in high school could kill me,
you know,
he just watching them move and he just had their fearless when there that hold
it.
There was a kid that used to come to our Jujitsu school and his dad used to
bring him in when he was in high school.
He was like,
he was sort of being like sort of partially homeschooled,
partially tutored by different people,
but his dad was like real attentive and his dad would bring him in to high
school and this kid was an assassin.
It was an assassin.
He was 15 years old and I was a grown man and outweighed him by like 50 pounds.
And when we would go out and I'd have to watch my fucking ps and qs because that
kid was looking to put me to sleep or we would go to war,
I would have to rescope rascal,
you know Russell,
a little rascals.
Fucking get a grip on them.
Yeah.
It's a scary 10 year old's man.
They got no,
and that's what he was into.
He was into Jujitsu.
I mean he was an,
he's amazing at it now.
I mean he was into Jujitsu.
He was into choking the shit out of people.
That's what he was concentrating all his time on.
You know when you're a kid too and you find one thing that you're really fucking
good at and that feeling of being really good at something,
it's so fucking nice for kids.
Especially,
I don't know.
I mean,
I don't know if it goes both.
I'm sure it does go both ways,
but especially I think when you're a 15 year old boy and you're looking for
that,
oh yeah.
Direction and approval.
And you find an activity that you get told you're good at,
you know,
and for sure you focus on that.
It's also when you do something and you,
you,
it's hard to do and then you do it,
you go,
oh,
I did that.
I went through something that I had doubts.
It was hard to do,
but it did it.
Yeah,
I could probably do something else.
Like it gives you this feeling that you can,
you know,
just attempt things and a conversation.
I mean,
I occasionally,
I think about like what it would be like to own a restaurant.
Not that I want to own a restaurant.
I absolutely don't,
but you know,
and I watched like,
uh,
one of these TV shows on restaurants like Anthony Bourdain show or something
like that.
When you deal with these guys who are working 16 hours a day,
preparation of food and then the going to the market and gathering up all the
ingredients for creating the menus and it is their life.
And you know,
when you stop and you think about it,
like,
could you do that?
You know,
would you,
do you think you could,
you know,
the amount of fucking,
I'm absolutely positive I could do it if I was so obsessed.
I was obsessed in that way to do it,
but everybody's got their own little whatever the fuck it is.
Yeah.
Hopefully,
I don't know if everybody does it here.
Some people don't have to put so much time and energy into stand up comedian,
but that's because we love it.
Like you're always thinking about for sure and material and this and that with
food.
Do you ever do things like on purpose hoping that it will be funny,
like go go places like okay this I bought probably get some material out of
this.
Yeah.
Oh yeah,
yeah.
Totally right.
Yeah.
Well the longer you do it to you,
the more you feel like,
you know,
if I try this thing right now and again it doesn't work out like it's okay.
I know how to get back on the horse right here.
So like you take more risk.
I think the longer you've been doing it,
right?
Like,
I,
I feel like if I bring up some shit right now in this fucking failed horribly
because I don't know what jokes I'm going to say.
I'm going to see what happens.
I could still recover from this show.
He just be like,
oh,
that was some weird shit that didn't work out fine.
And then sometimes you get a good joke out of it though,
you know,
just by trying it.
But I wouldn't have tried that five years ago.
Yeah.
Sometimes I'll go down dark roads on stage just to see where my fucking head
pulls me out.
Like if,
if it might be maybe some way,
there's a way that I can rescue myself,
you know?
But in life I definitely have done a bunch of things.
Like when I moved to Colorado,
one of the things I was thinking,
I was like,
damn,
I want to get a lot of material out of this.
You know,
those 100% I did,
but I did
the wrong way.
But you know,
it's still,
it was,
um,
you know,
like a,
an exercise and doing something to,
so like I'm putting my,
a new special out filming it next Friday.
So I'm thinking,
man,
I'm going to have to,
I'm going to have to do some fucking serious writing over the next couple
months.
Tomorrow.
It's Friday.
Friday.
Yeah,
that's right.
Oh,
I taste the next Harry.
Well,
yeah,
the one that's coming up next.
Yeah,
next Friday.
This Friday.
This right?
It was,
yeah.
No,
you're right.
Really?
I shouldn't say next Friday,
but I mean we're living in the morning.
Yeah.
Tomorrow we leave tomorrow.
I,
oh,
that's really exciting.
It's really exciting.
Them I'm fired up Tabernacle,
right?
Yeah.
I'm fired up too to do it in Atlanta because I haven't been in Atlanta forever.
It's been a long time.
Yeah,
it's perfect because it's all new shit.
All this stuff that I did before.
I mean,
it's from my talking monkeys on space,
so this is a completely new hour and a half,
so I'm fucking fired up.
That's Rad,
man.
I'm so excited.
Atlanta start great fucking food too.
I want to take a bite out of peach where we're down there.
What are you talking about girls?
No.
Yeah,
look at them.
Sexy,
sultry,
cuddly.
Right at peaches down there.
What was it like working with Brian at death squad?
Ah,
this man child before me,
right Brian?
What is going on in your head?
I always think about that when my husband is a different kind of a dude.
It's a numbers game dude.
He's a different kind of dude.
You got to accept that there's this too.
And also there's Brian.
Yeah,
I miss you guys.
It's one of the very few podcasts that I still listened to and I even still,
I haven't listened to every single one a year.
Are you guys still enjoying doing the podcast to,
do you like it now?
Like doing it from home or are you realizing,
oh shit,
it's a lot of work.
It's both.
But to a edit it yourself.
I mean look for somebody who's not like into having or you know,
knowing what they're doing.
It was a,
a task,
like it was harder than I thought just to figure it out.
But if figured it out after the first one we put up,
it's a disaster.
Disaster.
And then,
but then you know by the next one I was so happy by the way.
I was just fucking,
just wrong.
Yeah,
totally.
So a fucker.
Just kidding.
I know there were people there were like,
there was plenty of those tweets shouldn't have left bro.
We're not friends or some people think that it was like we don't like each
other.
So your last episode of Desk Squad was kind of funny cause we,
I kind of jokingly,
it was acting like really like bitch,
do you know what people also thought was serious when you were like,
you know,
maybe this is the will end up on the show like desk,
what might end up on TV?
And I was like,
yeah,
hold on.
We don't want to leave yet.
They were like,
you showed your true colors when you
were in talks right now with Hbo.
Just so you know,
we had our second meeting today.
We were just kidding.
No,
we want to stay serious.
When I said we want to play now,
like,
and they're like,
you should
like it shows what kind of person you are.
When you said you wanted to say true colors
now,
but I figured it out.
I figured out,
I think she had the audio I should say I haven't figured out the video videos.
Right.
The audio we figured out and it is actually we can do when we still work,
but we can do two a week.
We've tried to do that as often as we can to a week and um,
yeah,
I mean we do it all.
We have a little like a room that has the,
the board and Mike's and uh,
cameras that aren't hooked up yet.
That's good.
Is it working or like a team to do it because it works for schedules.
If we're both home for like 48 hours,
we can,
it's easier to walk to our second room than to try to schedule something so
that,
that part was true.
It works out.
Your podcast is one of the very few that actually is a husband and wife that's
actually listened bubble I that formula.
It never really works for me.
There's a couple here and there that kind of are okay,
but for the most part when I hear that a husband and wife,
I just want to fucking shoot myself.
It is true.
That's a good point.
That's nice of you because you're very comfortable people.
You're very fun
because it's like listening to a couple.
It's not like where you guys,
uh,
you're,
you're a couple but you,
you don't fucking like PDA ourselves,
so you're cool.
You're both cool.
You actually are really good friends.
You know,
there's a lot of people that the only reason why they're together,
it's just weird male,
female sort of thing going on where they have nothing in common right now seem
to talk about.
The conversations are all stunted.
You guys are like clearly obviously like,
I wish I had that.
I think about that a lot when you know,
not to sound Corny,
but if he and I go to dinner and there's that table next to you that's
completely silent,
why don't you marry somebody you can't fucking talk to him cause this all goes
the looks and your body turns to dog shit and all you have at the end of the day
is a mind with another mind.
Right?
That you liked talking to him.
Yeah.
You got to pick someone that always blew me away when the,
when the front like a lot of guy friends that have wood date for a long time and
or marry somebody that they didn't have like good converse,
like intellectually stimulating conversation and you're like you fucking talk to
that adult all the time.
Well they don't care.
That's where I'll get my pussy.
Okay Great.
Take care of the kids and now I go to work.
There's a lot of people that just take that your whole,
I've had friends that were in horrible relationships and then all sudden they'll
come and tell you that they're thinking about proposing,
like she stuck around fix just by a pet instead.
Yeah,
yeah,
you're right.
You're right.
Yeah.
Especially the ones that are fucking at each other's throats.
And he's like,
no man.
I'm just thinking maybe if we just weren't on a different level of commitment,
like maybe this wouldn't be,
what are you talking about?
She's a crazy bitch and you're crazy for me.
Whether you crazy asshole or crazy ass hole.
And there's a lot of what the reason why people do that.
People like to get absorbed in relationships to distract them from the shitbag
lives.
Absolutely love it.
They love doing it or distract them from their real issues.
You don't have to address the real,
yeah,
yeah.
If you're over eating or over smoking or you over this year over the battery,
over gambling or over masturbating,
whatever the fuck it is.
Yeah.
You know,
and just fucking,
you'll be in the middle of it and texting with folklore or you hook them.
You to me back
I show is also,
you know,
the thing is we have a profile.
I mean,
you know this better than anybody,
Brian Ha that it's uh,
it was like a profoundly silly show.
It's so silly and we have a similar sensibility.
So like it probably wouldn't work if like the shit that made me laugh,
it didn't make her laugh or vice.
Right,
right.
We're able to,
one of my favorite talk about that you guys did lately as far as just totally
interrupted you.
Go ahead.
I was your dad.
Yeah.
Where he wiped a booger on an elevator and just,
it was great.
Oh,
that's so nasty.
Top Dog.
That's what happens when I got,
doesn't give a fuck about [inaudible].
He also,
it's been one of those,
you know,
like Dads have their dad bits like there,
you know what I mean?
Like one of his bits.
Boogers.
No,
it's like talking about it.
Like it's a,
it's a like it's one of his bits for as long as I can remember.
It's been like you get an elevator with them.
People say that not,
do you know what I like to do?
I like to put a booger on the elephant,
the lobby button because,
and then I know everybody's touching it but he doesn't do it.
We got an elevator and the first time in my whole life he goes,
hey,
watch this.
And he goes up,
he digs,
went out and I was like,
what the fuck?
And I looked at him like that and he was like,
oh sorry buddy.
Sorry Buddy.
Yeah,
he has audio of him telling their mom what the dad did and the mom just like,
that's like normal for her.
It's like she's always just seems like such a nice broken,
she has zero tolerance,
zero zero for like a lack of class at anything grows like gross shit does not
make her laugh.
So I like to tell her gross shit to hear her because she gets so upset about it.
I can't even bear to hear it.
And it just brings me to tears.
The whole show is me just like crying,
laughing at a lot.
You like you're his family water than yours.
Yeah,
that's great.
Like his sister will yell from the room
but in
mind either,
by the way,
going to fucking do with that at all.
Um,
but we've been talking a lot lately about our neighbor.
Yeah.
Maybe you can help us.
Okay.
No roosters.
Nope,
there's no work's different neighborhood.
So now,
all right.
So what happened was we rented a place that there's,
there's our place,
which is a two bedroom and then,
uh,
the owner owns the unit next to it,
but doesn't live there and like lives in La in a different part of town and
goes,
well yeah,
that's my unit for like,
um,
like once a year I have family come in for like a week and then sometimes like
maybe once a year I'll stay there if I'm doing business on this side of town.
Right.
I'm crashed somewhere or some shit like that.
And so that was,
I mean it wasn't like part of the deal,
but it was,
she was just like,
that's just what it is.
Right.
So we're like,
all right.
So it was Kinda nice cause you have no neighbor,
we don't even know what it's like to have that neighbor.
And then like in the fall,
one day I'm,
I'm in our second room,
which has a,
a connection like event and I feel heat coming in and I'm like,
ah,
shit,
that's from the other unit.
And I go,
it's weird that there's heat coming from the unit next door.
Right.
Cause blowing into our unit.
So I go and I knock and then it's this,
uh,
ladies,
like I'm like,
oh who are you?
And she's like,
oh I just moved in here and I was like,
you moved in?
She was like,
yeah,
I go like permanently.
She's like,
Nah,
I'm just going to be like looking for a place.
Um,
but you know,
I'm staying here cause I'm friends with the owners.
And I was like,
Oh okay.
I was like,
how long you think you're gonna stay?
She was like probably for awhile.
It was like great,
like how long?
She was like,
this is probably for a long time.
I was like fuck.
And then she asked,
asked if she could park in our driveway and all that shit.
She could use our Internet connection.
This is on the first meeting like,
Whoa,
can I use your internet?
Yeah.
She was like,
you need to get your password and I could throw it like a few bucks.
I was like,
Whoa,
that's not going to work.
What did she say?
And she was like,
okay.
And I was like,
yes,
that is not going to work.
She's like,
you think I could park in the driveway behind your car and I'll leave like my
phone number like on a card car and then whenever you fucking serious so she can
lock us with her shitty car.
She sounds like a hippie.
Yeah,
that sounds like that's exactly the type of mentality that I had to deal with a
lot in boulder.
You really always need this.
Always need.
Can I get that from you man?
I wouldn't think.
I mean I've been broke as shit and I borrowed,
we ever had on had the balls to be like,
you think I could tap into your Internet management?
Yeah.
There's some shameless hippies.
Yeah,
no you can't do that.
And so now help me man.
You know who knows what the fuck they're doing?
Downloaded some fucking terrorist handbook that gets on your Ip and a fucking
police come and break down your door and you've got to prove that this asshole
was the one that was downloading the shit.
Absolutely.
So now that you have to really worry about that too,
you start to hear her,
why we,
we're hearing her and then just in general,
it's a smelling,
smelling dirty food.
You smell her shit food and you're like fucking,
I don't know.
Oniony something in the morning and I don't even like to eat in the morning.
So yeah,
it smell like beefy on uni.
Shit was great.
Sounds like inspirational.
Yeah.
And then the capper is in the middle of the night,
like at two in the morning.
Later.
Yeah.
Later then yeah.
You here
just in groups of threes,
Huh?
Which is getting nailed.
Yes.
She is not even like a late night fucking,
it's like a four in the morning.
Could yeah.
Yeah.
Sounds like she knows a guy like me
even at Dixon and listening to it.
You're the morning guy.
No,
no.
It's crazy being silly.
When I was 20,
I was,
yeah,
whenever you can get in four in the morning,
she answers her phone.
Has Christina been gone once and you started hearing her and have sex and you
start masturbating with your ear to the wall?
No,
actually.
Have you ever done it?
No.
I've done that in hotel hotels.
Yeah.
But um,
when you're home and you have that much resentment built up,
I don't think,
yeah.
You know this dot coming
to that don't have a sample that
we try to give it back.
Have you ever dated a girl that was so loud you wanted her to shut the fuck up?
You're like,
you're distracting the shit out of me.
Do you ever had a yeah,
I've had a loud but I don't think about like so distracting.
I love hearing this stuff.
I want you do you well?
Yeah.
Cause I went on,
I never asked him that question.
So yeah,
there was many,
many years in the past.
I was probably like my early twenties.
There was this girl that I dated for a very short period of time who would,
you know,
she would come to visit me.
Like if I was on the road doing stand up and uh,
you know,
and back then it was like always the shittiest cheapest motel is the fucking
nastiest beds.
When you think about some of the places that you've stayed when you're working
in the row.
Oh,
right.
How were alive Carlos?
This checkup,
like,
oh fuck.
It was,
it would be so ridiculous and so over the top and be like,
Whoa,
whoa,
whoa.
And it was always,
and it was just,
she was just like ready to ramp it up.
The moment you stuck it in the moment you start going out.
Yeah.
She didn't even build to it.
It was like she was lap the overkill.
Ah,
there you go.
Crazy Latin bitch.
She would go off like a bottle rocket.
The moment you staycations just start screaming,
hey,
this is so theatrical.
Yeah.
Did you believe it?
Like fucking 22 years old or whatever the hell that was definitely 22 and she
was the worst one and in all my history can I can just get a little,
it was like pleases you got to stop.
I was like trying to be polite.
Like there's other people that are staying here.
This is late at night.
Like this is a small hotel.
Well this was fascinating.
He said,
I read recently that one of the things they say about a woman who was moaning
and screaming really loudly during sex is that it's not exactly just pleasure
and that actually what she's doing and she's alerting other men that may be
better suitors to come and fuck her.
No one's going to hear outside this house.
So that's an interesting little,
a little a possibility they could make it better.
Make you really think about the screamers now what makes sense?
You know,
I mean it totally makes sense.
Like if you weren't,
if you're,
I guess if you're more secure in the relationship as well,
you also have calmed down.
You probably did.
The sex isn't quite as crazy cause you're doing it all the time.
You used to each other.
You can still have good sex for a long period of time,
but you've got to have some marijuana or some why salt.
Yeah,
that's great.
Oh of that.
But like hanging out with some Puerto Ricans for a week.
Right.
Crazy.
Screaming like that.
You never know.
You never know if it's real and they're taking a big chance and going that hard.
Does that put you off?
Have you ever had someone say
fucker can't really isn't a cons.
What is it that slit that Gash?
She was completely crazy though.
She,
this is where it's good to have good friends because she came to a comedy club
to see me and they'll also,
my friends came and my friends were with,
you know,
like I,
I brought her over to them and she gave my friend or number and then she goes to
the bathroom.
My friend calls it.
Oh man,
that girl.
Just gave me her fucking phone number.
Wow.
I'm like,
wow,
you crazy hooker like she was,
she was so crazy.
She was willing to take one of my friends and just give him and hope that she
could sneak away and it just started banging everybody that I know.
Like on the sneak tip,
there's some tardy girls out there.
There's some dirty girls.
I mean,
this girl I fucked the first time I met her,
she was completely insane.
What the girl,
this girl was incredible.
She was insane.
I was 21 I was 21 and she was completely crazy,
but I didn't realize how crazy she was until she gave up the phone number to my
friend and then not really.
She would just do that to anybody.
She could.
You could just all here still strapped for that or no.
Oh God no.
That was,
yeah,
I noticed that.
Yeah.
I got to get rid of her.
Yeah,
she was too creepy.
It was just like,
it's not just doing
that.
It's like the idea that like they're sneaking around behind your back and
that's,
it's a weird side and that's why it's good to have good friends.
Cause my friend came out to me right away and say,
Yo Dude,
that fucking bitch,
you know when you're in the bathroom,
that bitch gave me her number and he shows it to me and he hands it to me.
I'm like,
wow.
Like you wouldn't tell you though,
right?
Some guys wouldn't.
There's guys wouldn't.
Yeah,
I had a friend,
we had a real problem with them cause he was always banging all of our friends,
uh,
ex ex girlfriends,
he would immediately,
it was back in Boston.
It was immediately as soon as you would break up,
he would fucking immediately be just magically you.
I think it was by her work the other day.
She seems like she's taking the break up.
Well what do you mean?
She seems like she's taking the big up.
Well,
what the fuck are you talking to her for?
Hey man,
you know Shane Snow Bird game and she's well on the market now.
Like what?
Like you,
you're moving in.
You're my friend.
She happens to me.
It was,
this was a bad one though.
This was a,
my friend Jimmy and Kevin.
I don't want to say last name.
See the fucking names have been changed.
Save the innocent.
They stopped being buddies because of that.
Of course.
It's just going to keep hitting buttons after that.
That's not cool.
Can't trust that dude.
That's interest.
Creepy.
Can't trust it.
So where are you guys at next?
What's,
what's next?
Chicago.
The 19th through 22nd Schaumburg.
Oh,
you're doing that Improv.
That's a great,
celebrating my 40th birthday there.
That's a great place.
Yeah,
it's a good club.
There's not really that much in Chicago.
It's hard to find.
Uh,
you know,
there's xannies in Chicago and then there's a,
there's the Zinis in Vernon hills,
right?
Isn't there?
One last thing I heard a new one just opened up.
Chicago used to have a great comedy scene.
I remember.
Yeah.
That's a second city,
right?
Home base.
Second city.
Yeah.
It's a good comedy town.
There was a few guys wasn't there.
One of the,
one,
one of the guys from the Rodney Dangerfield special.
He gave he uh,
he got on um,
one of the Rodney specials and he was a Chicago guy.
Really?
I don't know.
I'm trying to remember.
He know he was,
he would like,
it would say something and say that that's a tip from your uncle Earl.
Or like a little catch phrase.
Forget his fucking name though.
God dammit.
I'm sure someone on Twitter will alert me to this.
I feel like they always do.
Twitter is the best for that.
It is.
They told me the Matthew Connor.
Hey wasn't that dragon movie?
I was right.
Even though I couldn't imagine it being in that drawing and moving and he had
it,
but I remember he was like a bad ass.
He had fucking tribal tattoos and shit.
It was a dragon.
Jacker yeah,
I'm a,
I'm going to Vancouver this week.
Ooh,
I'm mix.
Oh,
that place is awesome.
So this,
uh,
Thursday through Saturday when you're working with local guys up there.
Yup.
How often do you guys work on your own together rather together?
It seems like you should be able to put something together because of your
podcasts.
We've done it.
We just did a,
we did Ontario last month.
That was great.
That was a good deal.
Probably out there for a weekend.
Fantastic.
So yeah,
we would probably do some more.
We're actually,
we're doing the podcast live for the first time at a club at the John Lovitz
club.
May 23rd.
Yeah,
I've done,
um,
I've done a couple of live,
it's a,
it's a weird dynamic.
Do you feel like you have to get to the jokes real quick?
Yeah.
She was looking at large audience,
like if we were doing this in front of a large audience to,
it'd be boring as fuck.
I don't know.
It'd be weird,
right?
This is good man.
Senior year when you at the gym or it's good when you're on the,
on the road,
but I don't know if this is like live audience fogger I would feel like I have
to do stand up,
you know?
I don't know.
I mean the first time,
so hopefully we get a good turnout.
We could have,
you know,
we'll stick to I think a limited time.
To me,
I wasn't a fan of the live one.
It just seemed like we were almost trying to put on a half fake conversation
just to be more entertaining for lot of people looking at us.
Yeah,
I agree.
Yeah.
Well we did it with Jimmy Norton,
which was fun because Jimmy was just fell right into it perfectly and was
killing.
He was really funny and you know,
on purpose funny and really going for the joke.
But yeah,
it became almost like stand up.
Yeah.
It gets weird.
It does get weird.
Yeah.
It's not this,
this weird sort of intimate conversation and different,
it's totally different town.
Do you guys have a lot of people from your,
um,
that listen to your podcasts that are coming into your shows?
We talk about how much we like so awesome when,
because sometimes you know,
like sometimes obviously they have no idea who you are.
Sometimes they've seen you do standup on TV.
You're like,
oh,
I saw your,
you know,
your special or I saw you on Conan or whatever.
So it was something and then,
but then it was something different about,
they're like,
um,
they,
they say I'm a mommy to us,
you know,
we're like,
I love the podcast.
That's fun.
And then it,
you just feel like,
oh,
this person actually knows me.
Yeah.
That's super cool.
Call her on board.
I can talk about Dolphin fucking yeah,
it's way more fun.
Yeah,
it's,
it's way cooler.
We're done.
And I'm doing a,
Oh,
I just added a Peoria for next week.
So if anybody's in Peoria,
Illinois,
I'm doing the Jukebox,
we need to create a website,
Brian.
But eventually what we need to do is incorporate all of us in all of our
podcasts into one website where there's like tiles.
You know what I mean?
Like everybody that works sort of affiliated with like Dunkin and Joey and you
guys and are there really should be one,
just make it one of your links on your website.
It's,
yeah,
but it would,
wouldn't it be cool if there was like one portal,
you know,
where we could all,
no,
no.
Just the ones that were all friends with,
you know,
people could like listen to click and listen or they could see where you're at
and have it.
I mean that would be like the best way to really get a gang of people to come to
all of our podcasts is to have like a portal,
you know,
or Ari's podcasts,
Dunkin's podcasts and each one has like a little square,
you'd know,
you know,
it already subscribed and then was going to think about it,
you know?
Well,
no,
not necessarily because we don't really talk about Dunkin's podcast that much,
nor do we talk about ours.
Like you can miss several podcasts in a row where we didn't talk about it,
you wouldn't even know it existed.
But if it was all clearly laid out and we had like a,
a website,
whether it was tiles and you know,
and that way that would be a real way of everybody promoting everybody with,
you know,
no intention other than keeping like,
you know what I mean?
There's no financial intentions at all.
It's all just about keeping this one group connected and helping people.
It's good idea.
Right.
Awesome.
Yeah,
we should totally do that.
If you like Ari,
you're probably will like us or edited.
It'll pump everybody up.
Yeah,
that's,
that's what we need to do next.
That's the next step.
That's the next level.
We need to have like a podcast community,
you know,
of all podcasts that we appreciate and like share their,
like the idea of a channel like like death squad.
Like that's,
that's one way to do it too.
But also the way to do it is to just make sure that everybody is connected to
like minded folks or other cool people are the ones that you might think are
interesting and,
and then then you know,
have it all like a one stop shop where they know if they go to this,
this is all the people that are cool with each other.
The soil got a whole group of people that are all friends with each other.
Like each other.
Yeah.
Well you're getting your website redesign is to make it a link page on that.
I think I'm going to do something along those lines.
I'm also going to make a website specifically designed for the podcast.
So there'll be two websites and be like my regular website and then they'll be a
podcast specifically designed podcast network or a website rather.
And that's where I think we need to come up with some sort of a link to a
network and maybe we all put the link on our site and then that link will go to
one website.
Why are you doing so many web websites?
So why are you breaking it up?
Yeah,
well it's not really broken up will be a section on my website.
But if you go to it and it'll go to one that like when you go to that section,
it'll be laid out like a whole site just for the podcast.
Each one will have a description of each podcast and who was the guest and how
long it was and when it took place.
Do you,
so do you know what percent is there?
Even like it's gotta be a small percentage of your fans that come to shows that
don't listen to the podcast.
It's almost nonexistent now.
We were in Chicago.
Chicago was giant fucking theater sold out.
And I go,
how many guys listen to the podcast?
They went,
fucking ape shit.
They went ape shit.
It was crazy.
It was beautiful.
One of the coolest crowds I've ever had in my entire time of doing standup.
It's never been cooling now.
It was cool man.
You know?
And even if only one person's crazy,
it's like we just get rid of them real quick and then it becomes entertaining.
You know,
this crowd has been amazing.
It started when,
I think when I,
when I did Ann Arbor with you a few years ago.
Yeah,
I,
that was before we had a podcast and I'd done yours a few times and you were,
you were asking me like how many guys listen to the podcast?
And in my mind it was gonna be like three tables,
right?
That's what I thought.
I'd be like,
oh,
these are all fans,
but does they don't listen to the podcast.
I thought it'd be like,
oh,
that's that fringe element to it.
And that fucking club went bananas.
Not only that,
then you ask like,
who here knows Joey Diaz and fucking dude people in Florida,
we're calling out for me to tell Joey Diaz stories.
So crazy.
Yeah.
He's so,
he's so lovable.
Yeah.
He's such a lovable human cartoon type thing and just so lucky to have in your
life,
you know,
it's such a fun guy to be around.
We have them.
We're having them on next week.
Oh,
that's awesome.
Yeah.
But yeah,
you right there.
That was when the podcast first started to kick in and I was like somewhere,
whoops.
That was somewhere around two years ago.
Right,
right.
Was right after we had started that.
But there's,
I just bumped myself in the face.
What the fuck am I feel
so stupid.
But um,
um,
that was,
uh,
yeah,
that was that,
that was definitely the beginning.
But now it's like complete the transformation,
the crowds.
I for your factor crowds,
the vogue theater with you in Vancouver and places.
The guy was like,
there was more tickets like that.
We sold for this.
Then even any music venue show ever,
and they pack that place.
That was nuts.
It was really fun.
It's really fun.
Yeah.
Um,
it's,
it's like,
it's definitely different now.
The shows are,
they're way different,
but it's also a,
I feel like more of a responsibility to like really produce good shit too.
You know?
I really feel like these aren't just people that are coming to see the shell.
Like I,
I like,
I liked them,
you know,
they're like,
what we're doing that since it's a different sort of a connection.
So I feel like hugely responsible to like write good shit and produce good shit.
Like that's why I'm excited to have this special come out now as opposed to like
maybe a year ago when I could have put it out.
But you know,
when,
uh,
when you have a bed man,
it's like a Samurai sword.
Do you fucking Ben Map laid and hammer it down and sharpen it up and,
you know,
and as time goes on you'll edit some lines out and add some to it.
And then somewhere along the line it reaches its perfect form.
You know,
I think when you,
uh,
when you can use that sword to cut heads off after a couple of weeks,
but it might not be the same sword,
the delicate instrument of destruction that you'll have after two years when
it's your closing bit.
Yeah,
absolutely.
Is there a better feeling than coming up with a new bit and having a crush?
I wonder,
I wonder cause I have this new bit and I'm like,
I have like,
it's like my little toy.
Like you can't wait to use it.
It's exciting then that like I use it and then I'm like,
damn,
okay now let's play with their old toys.
Toys,
do toys a Munster right now.
I love the fact that too,
as you get older and more experience and more education and more information and
you had and better as a comedian that every time you come up with new shit it's
like better new shit.
You know,
it's scary to abandon everything but once you do and then you come up with a
whole,
like Ari had a real good point.
Like he was saying that,
you know,
if you worked on a bit and decided to like work on that bit for five or 10
years,
you know that all that energy you could have used on that bit,
you could have,
you could have like abandoned it two years ago and then worked on the a new bit
for another two years and then you know,
in a completely abandoned it and started all new and all that creativity would
have gone into something completely new and different.
And it's totally true,
right?
Yeah.
So there's like a line that you have to cross.
Like when is it,
is it was a year for a new act as two years I think.
I think a year,
if you start always turning over stuff after a year you actually lose something.
I think a year you have to be,
if you're like talking about just abandoning everything stuff every 12 months.
I mean just from experience of watching standup,
right.
I feel like it gets better in that 16 to 24 month frame where you can do like re
like I get super tight,
you know?
Yeah.
Well,
I'm definitely,
and we've all gone through that experience of recording something and then the
next week you have like a new tagline on,
Oh Mitch Hedberg actually re did a bit on the second album because he didn't
have the tagline and set it on the album that he was doing that.
Here's the new pot.
Yeah,
yeah.
That's tempting when you've actually record the bit then maybe you should throw
it out because you've recorded it.
Yeah.
Why hold on to something that you can't use.
The,
I talked to [inaudible] about this and he was,
and he and I are sort of an agreement about this.
Like yeah,
you got to have all new shit,
but you also have to do well you can't,
you can't have a bad show and if you're tanking it with all your new stuff,
it might be time to bust out some shit that really works and just pull this
bitch out of the fire.
Sure.
It's,
you have to find that.
When is that time like some guys like I think Louis CK pretty much just to it
out and when he does new stuff he just does only new stuff.
You know like Chris Rock,
you should do that too.
I remember he used to come into the store and he would just be only new stuff
and you know,
and not be concerned whatsoever about it not going well.
It's trying to make it go well,
but if it doesn't,
he's sticking to it.
He's not going to pull out some old shit out of his bag.
Yeah,
but that's the way you you build.
That's one way.
That's certainly a way some guys like to sandwich it in between other bits,
you know,
and then slowly develop like them as new chunks instead of like kind of feel
like you get,
I get like a kind of energy out of opening with new stuff.
Yeah,
risk.
But there's a,
there's a bigger lane,
real seeker.
That's exciting.
You have to be a comedian,
right?
Oh,
you have to be completely willing to not have comfort financially,
emotionally,
sometimes physically.
But if it works out,
it works out.
Scott,
it's such a much better way of life to doing something you don't want to do.
That's the big curse of this society.
The big curse of the society is so fucking complicated that a great many of us
has to have to do some shit that sucks in order to keep the society rolling.
So that's why there's all these jobs that suck and then people have to do those
fucking jobs.
It's just no way around it.
They have to get done.
And so someone's doing it and then the society is set up there.
It's really hard to get ahead and he'd just scrounging and scratch and trying to
take these jobs.
It's suck.
And then by the end of the week,
your God damn exhausted.
And that's how most people are living their life.
It's amazing.
It's really amazing when you stop and think about it.
And I wonder how long society can really sustain itself once people get hip to
that.
Because once people get hip to that,
I mean,
what are we going to do?
We're gonna invent robots,
do all the jobs that suck.
It was going to.
Those jobs have to get done right.
Unless we completely restructured the whole foundations of our society.
Crappy jobs are going to have to be there.
I don't think there's ever going to have to worry about that because too many
people just revel in their misery and I know they're miserable.
They don't know shit programming.
It's a lot of it.
The human mind adapts incredibly well to its environment and adapts to incest
and violence and all those things and treats them as the norm and that's what
happens in every bad neighborhood all across the world.
You know,
these,
the,
the level of happiness is not often dictated by what their environment is like.
You know,
sometimes it's just they can get dinged,
get used to anything.
You know,
people can get used to it.
Yeah.
There's a weird who also know they're miserable.
What they don't know is it there they could make choices to get out of that
misery.
Yeah.
They don't act on it.
Well,
the real,
the issue,
obviously it's kids that are in those environments that they don't have a choice
and didn't,
didn't fuck up to get there,
you know,
but to be in a shit situation,
it's never good for the mind.
It's never good for your relaxation,
your ability to sit back and no thing
I gotta tell you,
even when we lived in,
in that terrible neighborhood for two years,
it took an emotional toll on me.
Yeah.
I was like,
God,
imagine if I grew up in this neighborhood and this is all I saw and I never knew
that there was a neighborhood just three miles away then I was going to move to.
That would change my outlook on everything,
but it motivated us to work so much harder and get the fuck out.
That's right.
That it did that.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Just fall into the misery of it.
One of the things that I liked most about living in Colorado was that there was
very few people up there,
so I didn't feel like I was being inundated by other people's personalities.
And when you're in a bad neighborhood,
you're inundated by,
it seems like hippy bullshit,
but I believe that if you're in an area where a lot of crimes going on,
a lot of negative shit is going on.
You can feel it in the air.
Absolutely.
You almost can feel it in the end.
I would love to see like studies on plants that grow up around
violent areas.
You know,
if they're like all fucked up and shaky and
nervous wreck plan pants plans just always gunshots around here.
But it's true.
You are a product of your environment.
Like I was remembering last night in second grade,
I hung out with this girl Megan and she was a straight a student or third grades
and my grades went up for the first time in my life.
Like I was getting straight A's because I was hanging out with this nerdy girl
who was really into studies and then the minute we stop being friends,
I went back to being my normal slacker ceased.
Wow,
that's amazing.
Yeah.
There is something to that fucked.
That was hanging out with comics too,
that are funnier than you and proliferate,
proliferate
to a certain guys like bill burr.
He's always real prolific and whenever I see him do a bunch of new shit,
I get excited.
I don't want to go.
Right.
Yeah.
Chappelle wouldn't.
One of them was seeing him do sets is pretty rare to catch him these days.
But yeah,
I always get excited.
Want to go home and write?
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
We feed off each other for sure.
No doubt.
But that's one of the beautiful things about La.
Think about how many good comics are here.
Oh yeah.
I like to sell a whole podcast network idea that I had me can't do that in any
other place.
We that many cool people,
Joey,
Ari,
Dunkin,
you guys,
all,
everyone is connected.
Red,
Bam,
everyone's connected.
You know Brett Fitzsimmons so I mean if you put,
if you put up like how many great podcasts emanate from this one area,
it's pretty much incredible.
It's a lot.
Yeah.
I mean there's not a lot of spots in the country.
We could start like a whole network of podcasts that are,
you know,
as established as the ones that we have here in la.
It's incredible how,
how that has taken over as such a dominating force in entertainment and it's
going to keep growing.
Well,
it's free,
right?
Yeah.
And it's really good people.
I listen to it over turning on a television or over watching a movie.
Well,
it's really good to get shit done.
You know,
like if you're cleaning up your office,
I love listening to podcasts when I'm cleaning up my office or something with,
obviously I do a lot of cleaning,
you know,
I have too much shit in here.
I need to get rid of some of it.
But the,
you know,
the,
the idea that it's in,
in a lot of people's ears when they're at the gym and they're pushing themselves
through their workouts and stuff.
I mean,
I think that's one of the coolest aspects about this form of entertainment.
It's like it,
it's the form of entertainment that makes doing other shit more interesting and
do it while you're on long drives.
You do it while you're on a commute.
It is the best.
Yeah.
Airplanes.
It's fun time and you know,
and if you get three or four good ones,
man,
the whole flight to Australia has done,
you know?
Yeah.
He just plugged those bitches on kickback,
you know,
have a glass of wine and join in man.
Yeah.
Maybe if it was time to correctly take an edible when you're at the airport,
right as you pull up,
you don't want anything on you folks don't is don't fly dirty.
No flat.
So don't be scared of flying with an edible life changing damn experience
about podcasting too,
is that I feel like it hearkens back to the time of radio and when people had to
just sit and listen and listen to long stories and that that doesn't exist on
television anymore.
Everything's cut so fast and everything is information so quick that now it's
like we're going back and I love that idea that you can just sit and listen to
like a three hour thing.
Yeah.
What also gives hawking,
yeah,
that's natural.
Natural,
yeah.
Yeah.
Not This hyper inflammation.
Seven minutes tonight show or you're sitting,
yeah,
down on the couch talking about your or television or zoo.
Half second edits,
but boom,
boom,
boom.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and then they tell you coming up next you're going to see this scene and then
you come back from commercial.
You're going to see this scene right now,
and then they show you the scene and they're like,
yeah,
man,
I get it.
I fucking got it.
I can process information.
If we had a producer of the show and they were like,
well,
this is some of the things we're going to do to take it to the next level.
Okay,
we got it.
We got to edit it.
There's a lot of downtime,
two minutes where you're twittering,
you're twittering on this fucking podcast for two minutes.
Sure.
You know?
Oh,
sorry.
that's actually what I,
that's part of the beautiful thing about it is like when you hear you talk,
you get to really know you.
When you hear you talk,
It's not a sound bite.
It's a long conversation.
I noticed that like with a lot of foreign films,
sometimes you'll have longer shot,
they won't edit,
right.
Cut.
And you're like,
yeah,
but that's actually a very,
like if a guy's making breakfast or pouring coffee,
they'll let the shot go of him running it and the coffee pouring and then him
pouring it in and stirring it and you're like,
but that's not like that guys really making coffee.
Right?
Like so it's not fucking 15 customers they get,
but that's,
you're watching like real life kind of develop right then.
Right.
You can fall,
you sink into it more.
But American style of editing TV or film is always,
what don't I need to let a shot lasts too long.
Music,
video style.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
That's the way things are.
You say that is making people dumb or making people impatient?
Impatient.
I believe it's first for instance,
on Facebook,
like not like it's all binary.
Zero one coke,
Pepsi.
Yes.
No.
You know how limiting that is to human thought?
I mean,
I don't even,
I don't even know people that,
I don't read books right now.
I mean maybe one in the last month,
but like,
uh,
it just limits the way we see the world.
Just generation only grows up knowing I like this though,
are epic fail.
That should makes me bananas.
Oh really?
And that was a fail.
Like some guy tried something and didn't succeed and we're all going to shit on
that.
Yeah.
It's also the door.
We encourage people to be like,
that sucks.
Yeah.
Was fucking suck.
Well,
the culture of that song,
and then there's youtube comments.
Oh yeah.
Repercussions.
You're completely anonymous.
So you're allowed to say things that you would never say with any real,
you know,
a person in front of you because it's such a cool thing to do.
The Harvard,
but they're assholes.
They're shitty about it.
They're racist.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
No,
they're,
they're misogynistic or homophobic.
Yeah.
It brings out,
well that's normal,
but that's the,
that's come see anonymous.
Yeah.
It's a weird thing where we developed a way to communicate with people.
That is,
it's,
there's no interaction.
There's no exchange.
You're allowed to throw the information out there,
like a bomb,
like you lava bomb.
Over a building.
Your message board is a perfect example of that.
Like,
like if I was just talking to you and guys in a room and then some guy came up
and it's like,
you know,
you're just annoying.
I think your face sucks.
Yeah.
Even not just come up or something.
My conversation people don't understand.
When I kicked him out of band and they say,
yeah,
I can't believe you Lord,
you want censorship?
I don't want to ship.
This is what it is.
This is a house party.
My,
my website is an Internet House party and anybody can join.
But when you're a cunt,
when you create problems and negative energy,
when you don't know how to cook,
even if you have a criticism or something,
there's a lot of people that have had very valid criticisms and those helped me.
I really think they do.
I think valid criticisms on the podcast or stand up or even my you,
Emma May commentary anything I think.
I don't think anyone's ever perfect.
And I think a lot of times,
especially when you're doing as much on the fly ad libbing stuff,
as I'm doing 99% of my living,
I make completely add living.
That's what I'm doing.
I'm going to make mistakes and I'm going to make mistakes and I'm doing standup
comedy or commentary for the UFC.
I'm going to make mistakes and I'm doing a stand up.
It's just a of life.
So I appreciate criticism and I,
I understand that,
like when I'm doing something,
oftentimes it's completely unplanned out.
Like this exact sentence that I'm saying right now.
Completely unplanned down.
Yeah.
So when you know,
people like will nitpick and criticized the hidden meaning behind each fucking
word or each,
each word you chose or way you went with the conversation,
it's like,
God damn,
we just settle the fuck down.
It's like you give people too much of an opportunity to be cunty.
Yes.
You know,
the Neal Brennan podcast,
some guy was saying that I was yelling down kneel because I didn't agree with
his,
uh,
his statements.
I was like,
what the fuck podcast did you listen to?
We had a podcast where we all had fun together.
There was no disagreement whatsoever,
but people will break this shit down to make it some just,
they will just nitpick on only the negative aspects of it.
And it's always people that are fucking miserable.
I also think like each one of these episodes,
and I getting into exact numbers,
there's just say hundreds of thousands of people listen to this and you,
you might hear,
I have hundreds of thousands of people.
You might hear like 20 people and that's true.
Bottom of the barrel knit,
most negative cat,
they have a million cats.
They're fucking his ass holes in general.
And if you focus on those drawings,
not the 490 million other people,
uh,
then you're,
you're going to go drive yourself crazy.
That's a good point.
But I firmly believed that you can't be too self congratulatory and I think you
have to address any possible valid criticisms.
So when I read negative shit,
I have to take an assessment.
I have to go,
okay,
I gotta look at this subjectively that I do that.
Did I do that?
Because I know when I've done something wrong,
I made mistakes.
I know what I do.
Did I do that?
And then if you don't,
then you have to go,
why?
Well,
then you gotta look at the motivation of this person and you know,
and try to figure out like,
wait,
why did you look at this whole thing?
So skewed?
And that's the driving you crazy program talking about it's important to out
those people.
It's important to out those people.
Set the tone for the rest of the board.
You let those people know that,
look,
this is what's going on here.
This is just conti negative behavior.
It's not necessary.
Let's communicate like,
yeah,
let's communicate.
Like we're at my house,
right?
We're at a house party.
Let's be polite.
You know,
look,
if we're at a house party and someone comes up to me and start saying,
you know,
um,
hey,
the Mormon faith is a true faith and Joseph Smith as well.
Okay,
let's have a polite conversation about this.
You know,
let's politely talk about you.
Tell me why you,
you know,
pretend like you are my,
my wife's husband and wife's friend's husband.
You know what I mean?
Like you're a guy.
I have to be nice to all right.
Yeah.
Tell me,
tell me what the fuck you think.
And hopefully we can get through this without anybody raising their voice.
You know,
but on the Internet,
it's right away.
You fucking frog it right away.
Retard.
Go back to school.
Fail
you so dumb.
Die.
It kills me because like when I was growing up here in the valley,
I,
you know,
if you said some shit to someone,
he got fucking smacked.
I used to fight with black girls cause I will say shit.
Whoa.
Yeah.
But you know what?
I learned what not to fucking say shit to me because
you fight with leg checks and they fucking tell you what's up.
And guess what?
I don't,
I don't write awful things on the Internet to Pete.
How often do you go on world star Hip Hop?
What's that?
I don't even know what that is.
No,
it isn't.
Go on world star hip hop.com you would cease and desist all fucking with black
girls immediately cause nobody leaves a beaten on.
Another
recent one,
we're over a Twitter beef.
If you just Google [inaudible] roll star hip hop.com Twitter beat sent it to me,
Brian,
I'll pull it up if you want to pull it up right and pull it up on youtube or the
best fighters to world star hip hop is that on the iPad but work on the IPAD.
Just this chick beat the fuck out of this girl and went right away to the old
school pride head stomps.
She was head stomping her.
She got her down ragdoll to the ground and stomped her in the head immediately.
Like our killer threw bombs that are like really vicious bombs.
Punches and stops.
There's some real bruises.
Name fighters,
I mean on on Worldstar there's some like there's some street like knockouts
where you see the head hit the concrete and like a lot of them and then they
start kicking him in the head.
Woman down.
I didn't get it that bad.
I just got punched.
World Star hip hop is easily the worst example of humanity available on the
outside of snuff films.
Cause some of those people might have died and if they didn't die,
a piece of them died.
That's,
there's one guy that got knocked out where they just kept kicking him in the
head while he was unconscious.
It was,
it's so hard to watch.
That guy is forever fucked.
There's no,
there's no question in my mind that that damage that he got that day to his
brain is irreparable.
He got hit by punts soccer kicks to the head while he's unconscious.
People just running over and punching him in the face.
So he's getting just concussion after concussion.
His brain is just swashing inside his skull for sure.
He's going to be fucked up for months.
You know,
it's the one in Baltimore where they,
they knocked him out and then they start to close off the sound of his head
falling onto the concrete was the unconscious when he gets knocked out by the
punch.
Oh,
I got a bunch of tweets from cops in Baltimore because Neil Neal Brennan and I
were talking about it.
Neil was saying,
well,
it's like I'm sort of a mob mentality that takes on,
and I said,
well,
I totally agreed there are certain extent,
although I agree to a certain extent,
the mob mentality is real and it does happen sometimes.
I don't think that's what was going on there.
I think that was a drunk guy that was around a bunch of criminals,
man.
And they're just used to that.
And this,
these guys from Baltimore,
these cops from Baltimore tweeted me and a bunch of them were telling me like,
like read this,
check out that you know.
And other people tweeted me about the same issue.
Like probably like Baltimore's got a crazy fucking crime.
Yeah,
it's always at the top.
One cop said he's just shocked at the amount of crime he sees every day.
Charm city they call it.
But you would think like Baltimore sounds like a bunch of white people that live
by the water and eat crabs,
you know,
Maryland,
Washington,
DC.
I think that would be the best.
And you their logo,
their logo.
Detroit de Trois.
DC's only about a half an hour away from a Baltimore,
right,
man.
Yeah.
I don't think it's any of those bro.
Rough city.
What's it called?
What would this search words or you just said Worldstar hip hop.
No,
not girl fight.
Worldstar hip hop.
Twitter beef.
Yeah,
just Twitter beef.
Cause I think there's not a lot that fall under the category of Twitter beef.
You know this girl shut up this girl's house and said we're going to fight.
And while the other person was a filming and she pulled her out of her house and
it is violently beat the fuck out of her girl on girl fighting is crazy to me.
They have comprehension.
That's Jennifer Hudson,
bro.
Well it's Worldstar hip hop Twitter beef.
Just Google those words.
Worldstar hip hop Twitter feeds.
Look here,
I'll do it real quick.
Or Old.
Even Oprah Winfrey gets people like hatefully emailing her.
Like I watched the Oprah soul series.
Yeah,
she talks about it.
She's like,
people send me things like
trying to like help the world,
man.
I mean you agree with it.
Like don't hate mail Oprah Winfrey.
Nope.
That's not it.
The people hit the shit.
Hated her a long time girls cause she's successful to the course.
Yeah.
People hate everything.
People hate the Beatles.
You're mocking.
Watch on youtube under Beatles videos.
Yeah.
She's not like this is fake.
It is Twitter be home invasion right here,
bro.
Here's right here.
Worldstar hip hop.com and the it says home,
just look up home invasion girl gets tore up on our own doorstep over Twitter.
Beef.
Just look for home invasion.
Home invasion,
Twitter beef on world star hip hop.
Clean this out on this end,
right?
Yeah.
That's when you release the Crackin of shame.
You don't want that.
You maybe you do.
Apparently there's a video where a girl puts one of those upper and then the guy
flux.
The flashlight
wasn't really your idea.
Well,
by the way,
Brian,
I don't think you're the first person and second that in her ass hauled.
Why not her vagina hall?
Well because they're assholes more pliable.
Gotcha.
There's a lot of girls that have giant dumpers and I can take large objects up
there.
That's a really great,
you know,
give a guy a really distorted perception reality.
If he's into that Shit,
you know?
Yeah.
We could put this inside.
I don't like anything in my butthole.
Really Nice.
Nice,
nice way to announce it on the podcast.
A couple of I like to share.
Well,
it's important to share,
especially with the world,
just like this.
Uh,
you know,
this lady has the right to stick a flashlight up or bottle and you can know that
someone can do that.
You should also know,
watch this girl beat the fuck.
Can you go full screen on that?
Yeah.
Watch this girl.
She shows up at this girl's house.
Okay.
It's coming up real soon.
Oh.
Oh Shit.
Okay.
And I'm thinking everybody I put my people,
you're,
you're talking about,
she just pulls her out of the house.
Ooh.
That's how happens.
How filing stations.
Oh,
she's beating the fuck out.
Let's go stomping on her head ticket her in the hand.
Pull the hair.
She's holding her down the stairs by her hair.
So scary.
Talk about that.
Whoa.
That's been a tee shirt that I talk about that.
Yeah.
See that's what can happen on Twitter.
Don't talk shit to black girls.
Oh,
for sure.
Yeah.
Did you hear a guy got,
he got arrested in a,
in England for a saying something on Twitter.
Have you heard about this?
No.
Yeah.
Let me find this because it's fucking crazy.
And it was on stand hopes Twitter.
Yeah.
The dude's name is Ali [inaudible] or another.
Let me find it real quick.
Let me go through my Twitter,
but it's,
it's fucking crazy shit.
Apparently he was a fucking with their government over there.
Here it is.
Um,
the guy was arrested and convicted.
The guy's name is Sir Ali,
Sir Underscore Ali,
underscore c,
and he got arrested and convicted for Saint [inaudible] on his Twitter and I'm
not bullshitting.
And um,
this is what's it's about some federal,
some section one 27 of the Communications Act of 2003 is what they got him on.
And this is all the guy wrote ready,
which con lives in a house like this period answers on a postcard to Bexley
Council.
So I guess it's the Bexley counselor that he was having a problem with.
So that's all he said.
Which con lives in a house like this answers on a postcard to Bexley council and
that's like,
that was the Hashtag Bexley Council.
And then here's another one,
another tweet.
It's silly posting a picture of a house on Twitter without an address that will
come later.
Piece fit.
Please feel free to post actual shit.
Okay.
What that means,
I don't know,
but it sounds like he put a photograph of a counselor's home.
Yeah.
Okay.
Melvin Seymour,
he put a photograph of this guy's home.
Okay.
Now to go ahead attack.
Well that's,
that changes everything because that's first of all,
that's creepy as fuck.
Yeah.
Did he put this guy's picture and he took a photo of it,
but that they got him for using the word cunt is what's fascinating that they
didn't get him for taking that picture.
What's up?
Apparently has legal.
Yes.
Oh yeah.
For,
for calling.
For saying cut our for calling upon the government guy.
I Dunno.
Sandwich.
Which con lives there.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Well Khan does a lot less offensive in the UK.
Like you can call people like every other word.
It's not a thing.
Yeah,
exactly.
So we really should've been,
they should've got pissed at him for taking a picture of that guy's house,
but I guess they couldn't do it.
He got arrested for this.
Yeah.
Wow.
Apparently.
Of course Stan hope took up the fight.
Did you see Stan hope the thing that was going on with him and that lady in
England?
No,
he didn't say,
oh it was great.
There was,
it was.
Yes.
I did read something.
This where he was doing shows over there guys horribly ill.
Okay.
And this woman wrote this thing about how,
and this is the same.
This guy does not have the right to die and that it's not his choice to decide
when to die.
So Stan hope comes on and not only does he like go after her and he goes off on
Twitter and says,
guess congratulations.
You made it into the act.
You know,
he's saying all this shit on Twitter and then he,
he,
he hopes that she gets a fetid cyst on her ovaries,
like all kinds of crazy.
That's right.
He's out of his mind.
So,
um,
so then she like writes some hole,
like really crazy,
dumb,
terribly written article about him and comparing him to some other horrible
people in the world.
And you know,
what she doesn't address is the fact that she had written an article just a
couple of years ago appraising a mother for taking her child's life.
You know,
when the child was desk,
deathly ill and suffering and was going to die.
And so she's a hypocrite in her own writing.
She does designing a counter accountable for words.
It's just verbal diarrhea.
She,
one of those dumb people that writes things down and tries to make some sort of
a point because our job is to write an article and Doug found her conclusions to
be illogical,
idiotic and offensive.
So he know his in his way.
You know,
you asked for fucking injuries to her body and pussy problems and I mean but
that's,
he's a fucking standup comedian so she went off and you know she was,
you know,
trying to get them arrested and had them investigate him and all sorts of
different shit.
But you know,
he didn't really do anything wrong and the whole thing is hilarious and the
whole thing only probably made Doug an even bigger hero in the UK cause she's a
moron if you read the shit that she wrote,
she's such a fucking eight while in England,
right?
Cause yeah,
while in England,
which is crazy when you think about how lenient they are cause an America
awesome kids had to do is saying that we're going to come down and destroy
America and d let Marilyn Monroe's bones and they said that on Twitter and so
they were coming to party.
Okay.
And the fucking people at the TSA or whatever the hell it is.
What does it say at the Tsa?
Homeland Security and security.
Yeah.
They sent them back,
they arrested them,
they interrogated him and sent him back home.
They looked in their shit for shovels.
They thought they were really going to like,
they're going to bring shovels with them.
Fucking dummies,
silly pitches.
They sound like fun people.
I want them over here.
They say that come coming over here to destroy America.
Take up Marilyn Monroe's bones.
That's fucking photo.
Yeah,
that sounds like some people,
you know,
we could have a fucking good time with them.
Who sound like some people that are coming here to have fun to fuck do you don't
think they're really going to destroy America?
What al Qaeda could do it but some 24 year old couple of one's going to pull it
off.
Stop Trump kids straight out of college bitch.
Ticketless Tommy,
remember that article you sent me about that woman in the UK who claims that
she's too beautiful.
That's fine.
I think that's subtle satire.
If I had to guess it played like,
I mean you could read obviously like that,
but the fact that there were all these followups,
I mean it's either a well orchestrated,
a crazy bitch hopes or it's a crazy bitch bullet.
Little balls seemed crazy,
man.
I think
the writer had a little bit of tongue in cheek while he's writing it cause he
kind of knew that she was really a six.
So as he's putting that picture out,
she wasn't really attractive.
But she wasn't,
she wasn't ugly.
Yes,
I think so.
Yeah.
It was just a bit of windy city heat.
It also felt like it.
But the best was that like everybody who was critical of her,
it played into her ridiculous laugh.
She was like,
see all the haters came out cause I'm so hot.
Okay dear.
Are a lot of haters out there.
How do we fix it,
Christina?
Why don't we get rid of them?
How do we,
how do we bring them up and raise up the heaters?
Is it possible therapy?
We'd therapies get out for real psychotherapy.
Does that stuff work?
Because I a lot of people that I know that have been in it so that it doesn't,
it doesn't change my life for real and doing it for two years,
two years,
it's improved my ice to have,
it'd be riddled with anxiety and depression really.
You know as golf when I was 14 I was suicidal,
I was crazy and I was depressed for years and I two years in psychotherapy and
I'm like infinitely better.
That's amazing.
You're the best success story I've ever heard from it.
Well,
have a great psychotherapist if anyone wants.
I have too many friends that keep going to a therapist and keep continuing with
the same fuck ups and it's so confusing to me if you're not seeing progress,
like I know people that go to the same person for like 10 years and are the same
going around in circles.
You need to find somebody that can really get to the root of your bullshit.
And then I believe undo that bull shit.
Lucky first time with this.
This is the first counselor and some other guy that was wearing like white
velcro shoes and mommy jeans and I was like,
Yo,
you can't even dress yourself like you can't fucking counsel me on my life.
So I had dumped him.
What's odd about this broadly?
She changed my life.
I'll never really caught on for shoes.
Did it?
It's great for little kids.
Yeah.
Kangaroos,
little velcro pouch.
It's weird in that it's very useful.
It's very useful.
But it's just so douchey.
There's something dorky about Velcro for whatever reason.
Real lame man.
Yeah.
It never caught on.
Why is mostly white shutters,
right?
No,
but I'm saying like it's not there like you,
most of the sneakers we buy of laces.
I saw it the other day.
I think the problem with velcro though is is after a couple of weeks they're
getting shit in the velcro,
like cotton and stuff like that and they start being annoying.
We're like nail pass.
You just get new shoelaces.
Right.
And lose their sticky.
Yeah,
that's true.
But they should be able to replace that shit like you're a place shoelaces.
But then you'd have to go somewhere and do it.
That's annoying.
That's a new sentence.
That stupid.
I like vans right now.
Slip Ons,
no laces.
No.
Do you have them in like the cheap trick?
Black and white.
Checkerboard two died to lady.
I'm a lady.
I'm already crossing the line as a female comic.
So I try to keep it somewhat family feel like as a female comic.
Well,
I've always felt,
tell me if I'm right that it's harder because you have less people want to hear
you talk.
No one wants to hear me talk less.
People want to take your opinion seriously because you're a woman.
So if you get on stage,
do you start talking about politics immediately?
You're running uphill battle for you.
Talk about sex.
You're a whore for sure.
Do you look a look at other comics guy comics and go God,
they get a Gig,
get away with so much.
I do.
But I also grew up admiring male comedians.
Like I really loved watching Bill Hicks and,
and a lot of dudes.
But um,
yes,
you're right.
Absolutely.
Society doesn't privilege intelligence and women.
You should just be hot.
So that's,
that's the message you get growing up.
Just don't read books.
Just be Ha.
Um,
so you're up against that.
You know,
I actually tried to channel masculine energy when I go up there.
I do.
I always have this image of me putting my deck on the crowd.
Yeah.
I swear to God with your counselor.
But I don't want to fuck with how I do stand up,
you know what I mean?
Like does he like approve of this?
Lay the deck on the crowd method?
Um,
I guess cause it works for me in that like there's,
you know,
different parts of your personality.
I'm not that way at home with my husband and a woman with my husband.
Right.
Like I,
I like being a feminine,
but on stage I just fucking do like a masculine,
it's a masculine art form.
You can't read.
No,
it's as funny
as funny.
It's a different kind of funny.
Okay.
Here's a very funny feminine.
Very funny,
very funny,
very clever writing.
Very Feminine.
Feminine based.
That's true.
Well,
here's my theory on this.
Okay.
Society wants women to be agreeable,
to say the right thing and to make everybody feel comfortable.
What's funny about that?
Fucking nothing.
I'm a man.
Why female comedy sometimes fails because if you're,
if you're playing into that norm,
that social norm,
then you're like,
well this just agrees with what would be get the right to vote.
Um,
I would say the suffragettes.
I know in 1974 a woman couldn't have a credit card unless her husband or her
father allowed it.
And that was in 1974.
1313 they could vote.
Yeah.
1930.
I know that they couldn't run the Boston marathon until they
run marathons.
That was just not that long ago.
Yeah,
it's weird,
right?
It's weird.
The women's right to vote is literally a hundred years old.
Yes.
Where do we need to invest in time machine?
So that's crazy.
That's really crazy.
That's hard to believe what you were saying about having opinions.
Actually people don't expect me to have them,
so when I do,
then they're like,
whoa,
you little girl.
I can get away with saying crazy foul shit.
And then I like look at her.
Isn't she cute with her opinions or thoughts?
You know,
so it can,
to my advantage,
I can say shit that dude's can't sometimes really,
I won't threaten or challenge.
Like for instance,
like let's say you said something I've,
I don't know.
It's a good example or something you mean?
Yeah.
I can tell a guy,
oh,
fucking shit down your throat if you do not shut the fuck up.
Right,
right.
I see what you're saying.
He's not going to hit feel threatened.
Right.
He'll be like,
oh,
that's so cute.
If you were to say that,
that guy might stand out and be like,
really?
Joe Rogan Buku and then you guys will say,
Oh look,
I use my full name.
Yeah,
that's true.
You would do it in,
there's a lot of funny in it,
but Bobby Lee could do it too.
I could do it,
but yeah,
you can do it too.
Just have to be not be physical.
Three years old.
Yes.
Yeah.
Let me poopies down your throat.
Yeah,
I'd say 11 I don't think he said,
well I think he's a brilliant 11 guys.
Start driving people so don't scare Brian.
All these Lamborghini's or they're just putting in death's door.
100 downsized.
You guys totally blow like five lights in a row and zoom zoom.
That's happening every day
for Lamborghini Avengers.
They come flying in.
So cute.
What do you like to eat?
What's your favorite food?
God is pizza or hot dogs.
Steak in pizza.
Chicken nuggets.
You think it needs into childish shoes?
That is stuff that you'd get at Chuckie cheese.
Hot dogs up there sliced up for me.
Lick stick a lot.
There's actually this steak house in Burbank that it just went to called the
smokehouse.
I don't know if you've heard of it.
It's right across the street from Warner brothers.
Good.
I know where it is.
It's been there for 65 years ago.
A story,
a smokehouse and the story is about like how Bob hope used to go there and have
blah blah blah and it's all this shit happens and I ordered a steak and I swear
to God they fit.
They pan fried it like it was a 30 to $30 steak,
but they just put it in a pan.
Yeah.
Have you ever had that where it feels like,
all right,
this is [inaudible] and why some people prefer doing it on a,
um,
a pan actually,
like,
um,
Alton was that guy's name.
Alton eats,
you know what I'm talking about,
right?
Is that a seventies thing or something?
No,
no,
no.
The apparently some people,
there's different ways of cooking steak.
Obviously one of them is cooking it on an infrared grill or,
or cold grill or a a gas grill.
Right.
You do it that way,
but some people believe that the best way is to sear it on a cast iron pan and
that you cook it on a skillet and then you put that skillet in the oven.
He finished it off in the oven.
I've done it that way before.
I don't like it.
Yeah.
I don't like it as much as I like it over over coal,
like over your hardwood charcoal,
it kind of pisses me off.
I felt like,
wow,
I just spent $30 on a good piece of meat.
That was a porter porter house.
Right.
And that shit tastes like fucking norms.
Not nothing against the Norris,
but like a $5 steak.
Really?
Yeah.
That's what I felt in nothing against norms and your $5 shit all over north $5
steak norms is thanks for five bucks.
How can I even do this shit?
It's amazing.
What does
that look like before [inaudible] Joe Rogan.
Taylor steakhouse.
Where's that?
That's old school.
It's from like the fifties it's on eighth street or like a,
it's like you could tell it was there before the neighborhood was there.
Kind of a Musso and Frank's ever been there.
That's old time place.
Amazing.
Good steak.
Make me angry.
Sad.
All right.
This podcast,
what's fucking call it over.
Should we call it over?
Yeah,
man.
Look,
you guys are the shit as always.
The my favorite comedy couple in the history of comedy.
How about that you guys when you're number one.
Anytime you guys were awesome.
I really think we should look into doing something like that.
Have like one big network website were all together and have a link on her own.
I love Shit.
Good idea.
Thank you to everybody that tunes into this fucking poorly edited,
patched together.
Ridiculous conversation that takes way too long.
Um,
we,
we appreciate the fuck out of Ya.
Uh,
thank you for all coming out to the shows and a thank you to everybody that's
coming to Atlanta this weekend.
I'm fucking fired up.
I can't wait to shows.
Um,
the first one is a eight o'clock.
The second one is 10 30 and the first one sold out.
So,
uh,
come on down and have a good fucking time with me.
Duncan Trussell in the legendary Joey Coco Diaz.
Thank you to the fleshlight for sponsoring our podcast for a while these many
years.
Go to Joe rogan.net.
Click on the link for the fleshlight and enter in the code name rug and save
yourself 15% of the number one sex totally for men.
And I do believe that,
um,
it's parallel thinking when they came up with a video of a guy stuff and a
flashlight and kicks ass.
And then fucking the flesh side.
I really don't think anybody copied you,
but I could be wrong.
I could be wrong.
Brian,
I was kid.
Thanks to [inaudible] Dot com o n n I t,
makers of Alpha Brain shroom,
tech,
sport,
shroom,
tech,
immune and new mood,
all explained on [inaudible] dot com all of it,
10% off.
If you use the code name,
Rogan,
and all of it.
When you buy the first sample bottle of nuts,
certain sample first bottle of 30 pills,
there's a hundred percent money back guarantee on the first order.
You don't have to bring anything back.
You just say it sucks and you get your money back hauled up.
Kettlebells are coming.
Everything's coming.
We've got a lot of cool new shit.
Some crazy hemp protein powder that is unfucking believably delicious.
It's hemp protein with raw cocoa.
You know that the like the raw chocolate.
It's like an antioxidant dark.
That's delicious.
Oh,
it's fun to taste.
So good.
Let's talk more about food.
Yeah,
food man.
Anyway,
go to Joe rogan.net.
Click on the link for Alpha brain.
Enter in the code name.
Rogan.
Save yourself 10% off you dirty bitches.
Thank you all.
We appreciate you.
We love you,
and we're all connected.
See you soon.
Boom.
Yeah.